http://news.yandex.ru/yandsearch?cl4url=www.vedomosti.ru/politics/news/39008201/obse-prizyvaet-k-trehdnevnomu-peremiriyu-v-rajone-debalcevo&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitterfeed
The spiral of ever increasing violence in Eastern Ukraine needs to stop. The fighting provoked by the continued separatist offensive, notably around Debaltseve, is causing great human suffering and undermines all efforts aimed at a political solution. The shelling of civilians, wherever it happens

http://redirect.viglink.com/?key=5e049e2a6ca6eb1164d35dbbe3080a81&type=bk&u=http://www.lightinthebox.com/zian-women-s-round-collar-vintage-lace-long-sweater_p2158603.html
User Photos and ReviewAverage ratingUser PhotoRecent ReviewI have ordered from this site before and it seemed sizes run a little small I am usually a Large so I decided to go EXTRA LARGE. Not only does it not fit but the lace is not the same as shown in the picture... I was so excited about this shirt so I am very disappointed... the only plus is that it is really soft... but that doesn't do me any good when I cant even wear it..

http://www.points-minework-zs.cu.cc/rss/http://www.points-minework-zs.cu.cc/page-57626/130347
Get a FREE domain with FREE DNS serviceRegister up to 100 domains for FREE. No Donations. No SurveysWhat is CU.CC We are a free domain name registration service. You can register up to 100 domain names for free or purchase a domain name VIP account and get up to 1000 domain names. Use the search box above to find a domain name available at our free domain name registrationYou can register all available domain names instantly. We offer the best free domain registration with dynamic dns service just like .com and any other TLD. We provide in addition to our domain names a free DNS service with full MX, CNAME, A and SOA records. Most good domain names are already registered, so why pay for a long and hard to remember domain when you can register your nice cu.cc name

http://www.buybeatz.com
All the beats are 100% exclusive,and never leased or sold before.Once the beat is sold it will be removed from the website.Recive high quality mp3 file + wav file + digital contract (In 12 hours after purchase).Exclusive rights allow the Lincensee to use the instrumental for unlimited comercial recordings or broadcasts.The licensor has full rights to record,alter,mix the instrumental in any shape,way,or form (except reselling the instrumental)WWW.BUYBEATZ.COM is a music selling website that offers beats for sale and lease. All beats are professional mix and mastered for immediately radio ready play. buybeatz.com offers a very large selection of beats of all genres (rap, hip-hop, r&b, pop and others) that can be leased (Standard,Extended,Premium Leasing) Leasing prices start at $7.99 Standard lease comes with a 320kbs mp3 file (high quality) with instant downloads after you purchase. Extended lease come with mp3 file+44.1 wav file.Premium Leased come with a 44.1 wav file (high quality)+Wav track outs, and will be e-mail to you within the first business day. Exclusive rights means you own the full rights to the beat. You will receive the full track out to the beat, the pro tools session, and a contract stating that you own the full rights to the beat you purchased. After an exclusive rights is purchased the beat will be removed from the website and no other leases can be purchased for the beat. Thank you for visiting buybeatz.com and if you have any question please feel free to contact us on the contact page

http://news.yandex.ru/yandsearch?cl4url=www.vesti.ru/doc.html%3fid%3d2327345&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter
MOUNT PLEASANT, N.Y. (Reuters) - Seven people were killed and a dozen injured when a crowded New York commuter train struck a car stalled on the tracks near suburban White Plains during the rush hour oVALHALLA, N.Y.  At least 12 people were injured Tuesday after a Metro-North commuter train struck a car just north of the train station. The crash, which occurred about 6:35 p.m. near the Commerce StreeSeven people were killed when a Metro-North train packed with commuters from New York City hit a car on the railroad tracks in Westchester at the height of evening rush hour, sparking a fiery crash that's..

http://www.papers-your-inet-oo.cu.cc/rss/http://www.papers-your-inet-oo.cu.cc/page-14587/158171
Get a FREE domain with FREE DNS serviceRegister up to 100 domains for FREE. No Donations. No SurveysWhat is CU.CC We are a free domain name registration service. You can register up to 100 domain names for free or purchase a domain name VIP account and get up to 1000 domain names. Use the search box above to find a domain name available at our free domain name registrationYou can register all available domain names instantly. We offer the best free domain registration with dynamic dns service just like .com and any other TLD. We provide in addition to our domain names a free DNS service with full MX, CNAME, A and SOA records. Most good domain names are already registered, so why pay for a long and hard to remember domain when you can register your nice cu.cc name

http://www.wraychil.com
2. The purpose of camo is to camouflage you, by blending you in to the surrounding woods. You understand right? Making you look like trees and shit. When the hell have you ever seen a pink fucking treeDont get me wrong I love pink. Im just not sure why there are pink camo tank tops. Does it get hot in the tropical fairyland woods where you are hunting from a pink tree3. Unless you actually hunt, Im not understanding why half of your wardrobe is camo print. I dont care what you have been told it does not go with everything, nor is it appropriate for all occasionsNow big props to those females who actually do hunt. I am not against it, and would like to learn to use a bow. Of course in my head Im walking around with the bow on my back at all times like Katniss Everdeen4. This is the most important lesson of all. Have you ever heard just because you can wear it doesnt mean you should? Well camo is not a flattering print on all body shapes. Kind of like certain stripes and colors are slimming. This is NOT one of them, it does not hide it all. So it is probably best practice to only wear these clothes hunting, and certainly dont wear your hunting pajamas to Wal-MartShare thisAt the dinner table my daughter is talking with her friend that was staying over. My daughter was trying to talk her friend into going to the weight room with her, and explaining she needed to do squats with the weight bar. When her friend responds.. I have never exercised in my life, and you want me to exercise and lift weights at the same timeOh I hope she finds a rich husbandShare thisI typically try to save all my receipts and always plan to do the surveys on them, (most of which expire by the time I do) but very rarely do I actually do them. Well this past week I received a Pick Your Play ticket from FoodlionI decided to type it in to the site just incase it was something I would get more tickets for later. I had the option to pick the prize to play for, $2000 Best Buy, $500 Foodlion house party a d a few othersWell I picked $250 Lowes gift card. If you know me I love DIY projects! The next step was to click the ball for a field goal, to see if you are an instant winner. And I WON the gift card. Super excited! Lesson learned always do your surveys and enter those chances to win. If you win great, if you dont you didnt lose anything. So its like a free lotteryShare thisSometimes the shit people say, just kills me! My children are the main stars in this. Children have no filter, (not that I do either) but they often just dont know any better. I find very often that as much as you need to correct them, you cant because you are laughing or justcant find the wordsThis is not just kids though. For example my husband was driving to a job one morning with his employees. It was really foggy that morning and listening to his employees discussion on the fog, one stated it was really foggy because of all the people who start their cars to warm up before they leave. Needless to say my husband was laughing so hard he almost wrecked the truckI dont like home-wrecking whores and personally, think all women should band together on a witch hunt and burn them all at the stake. Andknow if it were my husband, burning you at the stake would be the nice thing to do, and Im not niceNow dont think I dont know that its not always the womans fault. If you dont know about the wife/girl friend or what have you, fine. But if you fall for some crazy line like  we are separating or we are getting a divorce , then you should be burned at the stake too for being stupidUntil the other relationship is completely over you will always have part of the blame for not staying back until its done. Because trust me if they are still talking and fighting there are still feelings there. When he goes crawling back home you will look like the foolThen there are the chances he doesnt go crawling home, most likely because again his wife has proven smarter than you, and you should take this as a sign. He wasnt worth her fight, he is probably is a waste to begin withNow for number 2. Whats the saying fool me once shame on you fool me twiceeveryone make mistakes but a mistake means if you could do it over again you wouldnt. If someonemakes the same mistake twice come the third time you let it happen. You should have let them go the second time. Had you gotten rid of them then they wouldnt be in your life for the third timeAs far as 3 goes. I have to say that the people I hear about doing this type of thing are either ugly or mixed up in drugs or alcohol . Either way it never ends well. It causes partners to be paranoid. Once you invite another person in you cant go back from thereShare thisPlease feel free to read some of my product and service reviews. This will not be like the typical review you google and someone has written an article about a product that they are being paidto convince you to click the advertisement. If the product is worth it and I have indeed tried it, sure. But if its not, its notI would not want friends to waste money on products that are garbage! As well if I have found something I have used and I find that its not a scam I want to share that with youBesides we all long for stay at home jobs, skinny bodies and free stuff. When I hear about something new everyone is talking about I usually do some serious research before I jump on the band wagonAnd trust me I LOVE FREE STUFF! So if I find a way to get free stuff I will be sharing it with you allShare thisAs a busy mother I long for a picture perfect, clean house that is organized and always ready for entertaining. Well this is real life and that shit doesnt happen. If you say differently than you are either rich with a maid or a stay at home mom, with a nannyWith 3 kids, that have a ridiculous sports schedule and a husband who coaches, things never go as planned. First off all working is overrated. I have been a SAHM as well and it still leaves much to desire. Although I still dont understand the SAHM who still cant manage to get their babies in something other than a diaper all day and their husbands come home, cook and cleanDont get me wrong not all SAHM are like that. Im not bashing them all, just thetrifling onesI just think if a mom who works 40 hours a week, does everything needed at their home, and does the same things as a SAHM sometimes more, you can manage to get some damn clothes on that childIts a constant battle to balance it all. Be leery of the mom who pretends to have her shit together because chance are she is hiding somethingYou dont have to worry about me siding with you and telling you what you want to hear. One of my flaws is that I am honest no matter how it is taken, mean and honesty run a fine line and the truth hurtsMaybe you are dealing with a difficult situation and you just arent sure what you should do, or what options you may have. Just send me an email and let me give you some options or ideas to help guide you through

http://www.gofundme.com/kajr58
I'm Ricardo de haan from the Netherlands but I live with my Indonesian wife in Jakarta, indonesia. 2 weeks ago my wife gave birth to our first child Michael and we are very grateful. We had extra money saved for our son but 2 months ago our house was robbed and they took everythingWe had to loan money from family to help us and pay all the hospital bills. Our family doesn't have alot of money so I really want to pay them back as soon as possibleFrom our salary it's very hard to save some money because taking care of a baby is quite expensive. I'm trying to make some. Extra money online but it's very hard and not paying enoughI'm hoping you can help us with 500$ (5.000.000 rupiah) that is the hospital bill. I can send you a picture of the bill if you wantCampaign Not Ready There's an issue with this Campaign Organizer's account. Our team has contacted them with the solution, it's a simple fix! Please ask them to sign in to GoFundMe and check their account

http://news.yandex.ru/yandsearch?cl4url=www.rg.ru/2015/02/04/iordaniya-anons.html
AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan hanged two Iraqis on Wednesday, including a female militant, hours after Islamic State released a video appearing to show a captured Jordanian pilot being burnt alive, a securit

http://www.realmusicfm.com
New Chat facilitAre YOU an aspiring DJ, Are you a talented singer, rapper, MC, news caster, journalist, comedian, poet, writer or performer , Do you have or are part of a sound system that you want to be promoted? Or do you just need your 15 minutes of fame to show the world what youve got? Contact Us to be a guest on RealMusicFM.com, You never know you could even get a regular spot on one of our shows. We are currently seeking all of the above to make RealMusicFM.com one of the leading online community radio stations

http://members.cdbaby.com/campaigns/request-sell-music-on-facebook.aspx?source=facebook-memweb&dest=https%3a%2f%2fwww.pages04.net%2fdiscmakers-cdbaby%2fcdbabyprospects_master%2ffacebook_guide#.vnfukghqx5m.facebook
Facebook is the most visited website in the world, with over 800 million active users. Thats millions and millions of music fans. If you want to succeed online, you need to know Facebook inside and out. Thats why weve created this handy guide, so musicians like you can take advantage of all Facebook has to offer

http://prod.www.giants.clubs.nfl.com/news-and-blogs/article-1/know-your-giants-te-larry-donnell-/dbaf4b75-cb7c-40f3-b326-22a5600aebbd?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
Big Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaBig Blue Kickoff Live is the Giants only web radio show and is the perfect way to start your morning if youre a Giants fan. Every weekday at 9:30AM, our hosts talk for sixty minutes about the latest Giants news and take your calls about the Big Blue. John Schmeelk, Lance Medow, Anita Marks and Paul Dottino are joined by special guests, break down each weeks game, and get your opinion on the New York Giants. Participate by calling in at 201-939-4513 or by sending questions to #giantschaKnow Your Giants: TE Larry DonnelTight end Larry Donnell is enjoying a breakout season in his second season with the Giants. He was undrafted and unsigned after completing his career at Grambling State and sat out the 2011 season. The Giants signed Donnell in 2012 and he spent that season on the practice squad. Last year, Last year, Donnell played in all 16 games and caught three passes  all in one game against Denver. This season, he has become one of Eli Mannings favorite targets. At the midway point, Donnell led the team with five touchdowns and was second with 37 receptions, just one less than team-leader Rueben Randle. Donnell scored three touchdowns in a victory at Washington on Sept. 25Q: Tell me a little bit about your hometown, Ozark, Alabama. Where exactly is Ozark and how big is it? Donnell: Where is Ozark? Thatll be a tough question to answer. The biggest city thats close to Ozark is probably Montgomery, Alabama. Were down at the bottom of the state, near FloridaQ: How far away is Montgomery? Donnell: Maybe an hour away. Its the bigger city. My wifes from Mobile, Alabama. Thats probably one of the biggest cities in Alabama. Thats probably like three hours away from Ozark. Ozark is a small town, one high school. Walmart is the biggest thing weve got going, Taco Bell, the little local chainsQ: A couple of stoplights? Donnell: Yeah, a couple stoplights and once you blink youre out of it, youre gone. Its a little small town where everybody knows everybody and everybodys your cousin or auntQ: Do you have siblings? Donnell: Yes. I have all my fathers children. Im my mothers only child. So I have two brothers and a sister, who are older than meQ: What did your parents do for a living when you were growing up? Donnell: My mom, she just retired about a year ago. She worked for maybe 35 years at a company called Westpoint Stevens. She made bed spreads and pillowcases and stuff like that. Growing up my dad was disabled. He got in a car accident and he had surgery and got messed up, so he was disabled. He was around a lot and thats how I mainly got into sports. We went into the backyard, throwing the baseball, shooting the basketball, throwing the football. I lived on a country club so there was a golf course behind my house. I could never get into the golf thing. I was terrible. The only think I liked doing was driving the ball but besides that, yeah, I was terribleQ: So sports always a big part of your life? Donnell: I think I started playing T-ball at four years old, barely big enough to hold a bat. T-ball went to football, I started playing football maybe around six. We had a little team, we were called the Cubs. I started there. I started playing basketball around that time, too. I went from one sport to anotherQ: Did you have a favorite or was it just whatever was in season? Donnell: Whatever was in season. I kept my parents busy with basketball, football, baseball. It was all year roundQ: You starred a Carroll High School. Where is it located? Donnell: Right in Ozark. We have one high school and every school around us is a rivalry. Its pretty spread out. Theres only one high school in Ozark so it was a small town. Its nothing like around hereQ: You werent a tight end then, were you? Donnell: The only position I knew, the only position I ever played, was quarterback, from peewee on up. Actually, I take that back. In peewee my first year playing football we had a weight limit. We had to weigh in so that we could run the ball. If you weighed over that they put a little duct tape on your helmet saying you werent allowed to run the ball, because you were overweight. I was too heavy as a kid so I had to play O-line. I didnt like that, so I told my dad, I dont think this is the sport for me. But he was like, Just hold on, hang on. I slimmed down a little bit, got a little taller, and the next year I played quarterbackQ: How old were you then? Donnell: I was maybe seven years old. Im playing O-line, playing D-line. That was terribleQ: When did you start playing quarterback? Donnell: The next year my coach told me, Youve got to take the bricks out of your shoes. I was like, What does that mean, Dad? He started laughing sand said, Youve got to run, babyQ: Did you play on good teams in high school? Donnell: I played on some good teams, especially football teams. There were some good basketball teams coming up through middle school and then when I got to high school we were pretty good in basketball. Actually in high school, my senior year we held the first home playoff game in our stadium in years. When I was in ninth grade we played JeMarcus Russell and he was a huge. The man was 6-6, 230 in high school. He was from Mobile. Im in the ninth grade, all I did was sling it. We scored first, 7-0, in the first round of the playoffs and I think the score was like 55-7Q: Did you start as a freshman? Donnell: No. I started my 10th grade year. Actually one of the guys I played with, Steve McLendon, he plays for the Pittsburgh Steelers right now. He was huge too. We had a good football. I think we went 8-2, 8-3Q: A lot of college recruiters stepped away from you when you broke your elbow. How did that happen? Donnell: It was my throwing elbow. I used to come in the gym for basketball every summer and play scrimmage games. One day we were just playing a regular basketball game. The guy tipped the ball, he was on a fast break, I was trailing behind him, he pump faked and when he did I jumped and tried to block it. When he bent over I fell over him and I broke my arm. It was nasty. That was terribleQ: Did you miss football your senior year? Donnell: I came back and played five or six games. Thats more than I was expecting to play, because I broke it in June. I had surgery, had it in a cast where I couldnt move. When I took the cast off it was still stuck. But I played a couple games. My first game back I actually threw a touchdown passQ: By then you werent getting much interest from colleges Donnell: Not close. One of my coachs friends, he was a linebacker coach from Alabama, so he came down and saw me and was like, Man, we would love for you to come to Grambling. From there on thats how it happened. I was sold on it. I was happyQ: Did you get to Grambling as a quarterback? Donnell: I went there as a quarterback and I threw one touchdown, it was like a 50-yard pass. It looked like a punt but at the end of the day we scored. I think I played quarterback for three games. We played Pittsburgh when LeSean McCoy was there and thats when I realized he was the real deal. I think he scored four touchdowns in the first quarter. Probably like four games into the season, thats when the switch occurred. The tight end coach said, Look man, we need somebody. Youre always out here running around catching the ball like you want to be a receiver, just step into my officeQ: What was your reaction? Donnell: I was like, Cool, because I wanted to catch the ball. I didnt want to ride the bench. I thought, Tight end, I get to catch the ball, not knowing I had to block, tooQ: They didnt tell you that you had to block? Donnell: The first couple days you wanted to run around and catch the football. About the third day came, we did an inside run. Thats when I realized I had block. They said, Man, stick with it. Youll be good at it. I got banged up for a while, but I stuck with itQ: Did you still like the position, even though you had to block? Donnell: It was pretty cool. Right now I like it. Being a quarterback as long as I was, it was a difficult transition just by learning how to block. Im trying to get away from those guys as a quarterback and now Ive got to stand in the way of them? It was a tough transition, but it got betterQ: How good were your teams at Grambling? Donnell: My team was great. We won the national black college championship my junior year, we were number on in black college football, won our division. The next year, I think we lost two games. So all my years at Grambling we had some pretty nice teams. We had a couple guys get some shots in the NFLQ: Did anyone at Grambling tell you that you could play in the NFL? Donnell: (Head) coach (Rod) Broadway and one of my strength coaches, Robert Butler. They used to tell me all the time because I was a young guy. I graduated high school, I was 17 years old. I started school a year early, so when I graduated high school I was actually a year ahead. I used to goof around a lot when I first got to college just being young. I did not take things seriously. They would tell me, Youve got to take things seriously. They used to tell me all the time. People were in my ear all the time. There were a lot of people. Rod Broadway, he was on me all the timeQ: What did you major in at Grambling? Donnell: I went in undecided then I changed it to business management, which was terrible, I couldnt do it. Then I turned to sports management. Im 14 hours short of my degree, because I stayed in business management for two years and when I switched I got behindQ: In 2011, nobody drafted you and no team signed you as a free agent. So you stayed at Grambling to work out? Donnell: I kid you not. Theres a show that comes on now called Undrafted (on NFL Network). The guys on there said, they asked him, What was your backup plan? One of the guys told him, I have no backup plan. Ill tell you right now, if you could talk to anybody that I knew, they used to think I was joking. It was never easy for me. I was never in the spotlight. I had my father and his support and I knew what I wanted to do so, when I didnt get drafted of course it hurt. I wasnt really expecting to get drafted anyway; I just wanted to get a shot. When nobody called I was like, Alright, thats cool. Somethings going to happen. So I started doing all these workouts for the AFL, UFL, CFL. I just kept doing that and I stayed at Grambling and worked out. My teachers in college used to ask me, Whats your plan? I used to tell them, I dont have a plan (other than) the NFL. They thought I was joking, but I was serious. That was my dream growing upQ: Was that a tough year just working out on your own at Grambling? Donnell: Yes, but I had Doug (Williams, who succeeded Broadway as head coach). When you have somebody like that at a position of power like he is and hes telling you, Just stay with it, were going to get you in therQ: So he kept encouraging you? Donnell: He did. Hed say, Were going to get you in there, man. So I just stayed down there and worked out. I had my fianc and daughter back home. I was staying with one of my buddies working out twice a day. Thats all I didQ: Is Williams still a big influence in your life? Donnell: I saw Doug when we played the Redskins and there was just a smile on my face, a smile on his face. Doug has played a major part in my careerQ: So how did you end up with the Giants? Donnell: I came here for a tryout. They sent me back. I was probably down a little bit and they brought me in and I was bad and out of shape. But they told me if they liked me they were going to bring me back, which they did, after they won the Super Bowl (XLVI). They brought me back into camp. That year was my practice squad yearQ: After being out of football for a year when the Giants sign you, what was your attitude when you arrived? Donnell: Honestly, being new I knew that I had a lot of stuff to learn. Just by getting a shot on the practice squad I was happy. Everyone was saying I made the practice squad, I was happy, I was excited. I was excited just to be out here just playing football. I didnt care if I was on the 53-man roster or not, Im here, Im a part of the Giants, man. I was excited. (Former tight ends) coach (Michael) Pope just told me, Just stay and work, prepare like youre going to play in the game. I took that every day and I ran with itQ: Last year you were on the team and you caught three passes, all in one game. Did you think this was going to be the year when you were going to make an impact? Donnell: Basically, it was this year or never, that kind of mindset. I had been here long enough but man, I never doubted that I could do it; it was just having that confidence to do it. But thats tough. Even from training camp I still didnt have that. When we played in the preseason games I still didnt have that confidence. I can go back and watch it now and be like, Dang Larry, thats ugly. That takes you a long way. Thats just a part of the gameQ: When did you start to get the confidence? Donnell: It started to turn around when we played the Steelers in the second preseason game. Coach (Ben) McAdoo (the offensive coordinator) yelled, he said, You havent made a damn play in weeks. Your (butt) isnt going to be out here. He was just saying that to get me going like, You can do it. That really opened my eyes up. I went from being a starter to third string to getting in during the third and fourth quarter, so that really woke me up like, Hey, either youre going to do it or youre going to be gone. That was really good. Im really glad that happenedQ: You caught 25 passes in the first four games. Did you prove to yourself then that you can play in the NFL? Donnell: Yeah, man. I feel like I was finally settled down a little bit because I was just so nervous, so anxious. Then we put in a new offense in and I halfway know what Im doing. Then the first (preseason) game were playing (Buffalos) Mario Williams, Im looking at him and I know hes looking at me like Im lunchQ: What did it mean to you to score three touchdowns on national television against Washington? Donnell: It was cool. I It was sweet, man. To be honest, I really didnt realize what I did until after the game. I was just playing ball. It kept coming. The first one Im like, Alright, cool, I caught my first one. Im good. I caught my second one Im like, Oh man, whats going on? Then when Eli threw it up to me on the last one, it was just like I said, I didnt realize until the reporters came up to me after the game. Im not used to that. Im walking back to the locker room and theyre like, Larry, can we talk to you? Im like, Woah. It was cool thoughQ: After that game, did teams start to defend you differently? Donnell: Oh yeah. I didnt like it. Leave me alone. Im still Larry. Im nobody. We played Atlanta and they werent letting me get off the ball without touching me. I come off the ball and (Kroy) Biermann tattooed me one time. Im like, Oh, maybe he didnt mean to do that. Let me see the next play. He did it again and then Osi (Umenyiora) hit me. I was like, Yeah, they mean to do it. Thats something I have to get better atQ: How are you as a blocker these days? Donnell: Its slowly progressing. Thats still one area that I will have to gain confidence. In the run game thats what I have to do and I need to do and thats what I continue to work onQ: Now that youve had a taste of success, how good do you think you can be? Donnell: I can be as good as my mind lets me be. If I think Ive done enough, I wont get better at all. If I think I have a long way to go, I think Ill achieve great things. I want to be like one of those guys like (Jeremy) Shockey or Julius Thomas. I look at him like, Good godQ: Where did you meet your wife, Delana? Donnell: At Grambling. We started getting real into it probably my third year in school. Times were hard, so she used to cook for (us). One of my buddies went to school with here in Mobile. He used to go over her house and eat. All the guys were hungry. It was like, Come over, Delanas cooking. So I went over there one day and she was cooking. Everybody for two years, we used to go over Delanas house and just eat. I said, his is not a bad deal right here. The food got me. That was it. (Larry and Delana have a 4-year-old daughter, Zarri.Q: How does a native of Ozark, Alabama like living in the metropolitan area? Donnell: Look, I love the fans, I love the people, but Ive got to be in the country. After its all said and done, this is a little bit too fast for a country boy like myself. I came up here, I got the middle finger, the horn blown, got called namesQ: Because you drove too slow? Donnell: Yeah, but thats how we drive back in Alabama. I started looking around and I saw all the fender benders. My wife and I, the first time we went in the city we went on the subway and we got lost and that ruined that for that. Ive never been back. She liked it, I dont. Ive never been back again. We went to Central Park and we got lost. I go into the city every now and then, but not on the subwayQ: You hope to have a very long career here but when its over youre going back to Alabama? Donnell: Maybe not Alabama, because thats not too much to do - maybe somewhere like Atlanta right next to home. Because Alabama, everything closes early. If you dont catch Subway by 11:30-12:00 you might be hungry until the next morning. One thing I do like about here, you can get food all times of the night

http://go.redirectingat.com?id=40943x1237722&xs=1&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.amazon.com%2fdp%2fb00g6zn7wg%2f
Book DescriptioThis heartwarming story is set in a time when computers and mobile phones were still in their infancyIt's almost Christmas, one of the most wonderful times of the year. Nearly everyone is eagerly looking forward to spending the festive season with their loved ones. Children see it as a magical time. A time when wishes come true and longed-for gifts miraculously appear under the Christmas treeBut what about those who are facing Christmas alone? When Christmas means nothing more to them than working from home, rather than the office or the collegeBill and Sally are two such people. Both are shy and lonely; left behind when the rest of the country was caught up in the changes of the swinging sixties. Will they avoid the holiday season as they usually do, and spend it alone? Or this year, just for a change, will Christmas catch up with themThough this story is set during the run up to Christmas, it is a tender love story to be enjoyed at any time of the yearThis heartwarming story is set in a time when computers and mobile phones were still in their infancyIt's almost Christmas, one of the most wonderful times of the year. Nearly everyone is eagerly looking forward to spending the festive season with their loved ones. Children see it as a magical time. A time when wishes come true and longed-for gifts miraculously appear under the Christmas treeBut what about those who are facing Christmas alone? When Christmas means nothing more to them than working from home, rather than the office or the collegeBill and Sally are two such people. Both are shy and lonely; left behind when the rest of the country was caught up in the changes of the swinging sixties. Will they avoid the holiday season as they usually do, and spend it alone? Or this year, just for a change, will Christmas catch up with themThough this story is set during the run up to Christmas, it is a tender love story to be enjoyed at any time of the yearEditorial ReviewFrom the AuthoMy latest novel is Only Twelve Days, a heart-warming romance. I set this novel in 1979, before mobile phones and computers had taken over the world. I wanted to tell a story about two shy, lonely people who meet twelve days before Christmas. She is a young woman trying to be a nursery nurse, he is a brilliant accountant in a large firm. There is so much against them. Will they, won't they get togetherAbout the AuthoSince beginning a comprehensive writing course with The Writers Bureau in 2001, my articles and short stories have been published in a variety of magazines in the UK. In 2005 two of my short stories were included in quite different anthologies. The first story was in an International Anthology, published in June, while the second appeared in Caf Ole - Too Hot To Handle, which was launched in Glasgow. My first novel, The Trojan Project, a thriller, was published at the end of May 2008. Divorcees.Biz came next, followed by Only Twelve Days. Both of these novels are romances. I also review books for new books a bi-monthly magazine informing the public of new books on the shelvesI am a member of the Society of Authors, the Society of Women Writer's and Journalists and The Edinburgh Writer's Club, as well as being an Associate Member of NAWG (National Association of Writers Groups)Ideal gift for Christmas, or for anytime of year. This is a truly "feel good" story. You can't help but but love these beautifully crafted character's this author has created. Sally, Bill and 4 year old Joey take me back to when family values were paramount. I really enjoyed this book because the whole scenario is believable but, the author has weaved an added extra into this story......Magic!This book is a joy to read and so fitting for this time of year. There is no bad language, no horrific incidents or explicit sex, epitomises the Spirit of Christmas and restores one's faith in decency and genuineness. It really is a delightful bookThis heart warming story begins in 1979 when 4 year old Joey Roberts writes a letter to Santa asking for a new mummy for Christmas. When Sally Hughes (who is covering at the nursery Joey attends for her friend who has influenza) sees this her heart goes out to young Joey, whose mum had been killed in a car crash when he was only a year oldSally is a very shy young woman who had been over protected by her family and buried herself in work rather than socialise. Then she meets Bill, Joeys father who also is a workaholic and shy. Yes, you have guessed it - they fall in loveWill Joeys wish come true? Will Sally and Bill overcome the hurdles along the way and have a happy ending? Well Im not tellinThis is written with real feeling and understanding of human nature and was an absolute pleasure to readWell done Eileen Thornton, this deserves five starsPS: this is not just for Christmas but is equally good on a sandy beach in a deck chairDear Santa, All I want for Christmas is a new mommy. Can you get me one? Love, JoeJoey Roberts and all of the children in his nursery class are writing special letters to Santa. Sally Hughes is covering for her ailing friend and realizes what Joey has written. Rather than make a big fuss she brilliantly says she will post his letter along with the rest. Can Santa fill his request? Can Santa bring two people magically together? You just never knowBill Roberts is Joeys father who is a workaholic and never seems to have enough time for anything else. While all of the other children have been collected, Joey remains with Sally waiting for her father who is constantly late. As she begins to stew just a little she does not want Joey to feel that she is angry with him and the two seem to bond from the start. Inquisitive you have to give this child tons of credit as he seems to interview her for a candidate for mother even without realizing itBill Roberts is a good looking man and when he finally arrives something happens between him and Sally that sets off a chain of events that will definitely make you wonder: Is Santa watchingBill feels he owes Sally something for remaining with Joey and invites her for pizza after she closes up the school and surprisingly Joey is thrilled. But, Bill is apprehensive and not sure how to proceed so he takes the easy way out you might say by taking Joey out of school for a week to spend it with his grandparents. Although this was preplanned he hoped to return him after her ailing friend would return. But, you know fate and you know that sometimes things do not always pan out the way you predictedWhen Sally mentions Bill to her friend Jo, the reaction she gets is anything but positive and makes her wonder why she is still her friend. Where as Colin, Bills best friend gives him the encouraging green light but will he take it or will he wait until it turns red and it is too lateWork seems to consume them both but for some reason they cannot get away from thinking about each other so which one will make that call first and who will decide to take that once in a lifetime chance? Getting to know Bill we learn more about the stress and pressures he faces at work and what happens when things become overwhelming. Dealing with his son at one point he even loses his cool even though it is out of character. Meeting the people he works with you begin to wonder more about Alan, his devotion to trying to be the best he can, why he is so insecure around Bill, and why he cannot seem to focus when Sally is not around. Deep within him he seems to fear failure as Sally tells her parents about Bill and the reaction is surprising and mirrors that of her friend Jo. Just where will this all wind up and will it unravelWith both sets of parents yet to meet both Bill and Sally reactions are varied and tempers will flare. When Sally explains meeting Bill her parents reactions are quite startling but when meeting him will it change? The magic of Christmas is in the air and within 12 days will they manage to create something special or will this just be an illusionWhen Bill finally tells his parents about Sally what will their reaction be? One inquisitive little five year boy who asks so many questions you wont believe that he is only five. Wanting answer and getting some will he accept Sally or notBoth Colin and Bill work together but watch what happens when someone has too much to drink, information is leaked and a friendships is tested as author Eileen Thornton takes us inside the world of Finance, the corporate world where deals are made, people are not always what they seem and some appear over anxious. We meet Colin who is in second command and works closely with Bill. We meet Alan who seems quite adept at understanding figures and unsure of himself in Bills presence and of course Vera or Miss Anderson, Bills loyal secretary who runs it all you might sayOnly Twelve Days: Counting down to the final one where everyone can open their presents and find out what they are going to get. While Joey takes out his calendar and opens each flap getting ready to have his presents revealed will Santa answer his letter? Will he deliver what he wantsWhen families unite and people come together sometimes one remark can change it all. Will Joey get a Mummy for Christmas? Will Colin learn when not to speak? Will Alan ever not be afraid or unsure when he is in Bills presence? Friendships are tested, loyalties are stretched and one little boys Christmas present has yet to be decided. This is one story that will make you laugh, cry and smileDear Joey: I received your letter and you have been a good boy all year. Will do my best and will get back to you on Christmas Day. For all of you out there who want to know what I finally decided to get for Joey for Christmas: Eileen would like you to read Only Twelve Days and enjoy the holiday season with Bill, Sally and the rest of the cast of characters and find out for yourself. Christmas is special and right now I have to get the reindeer ready to fly. Merry Christmas: Love, Santa Lets give this heartwarming book that you can read in front of an open fire, on a cold winters night or anytime and give it: FIVE GOLDEN CHRISTMAS ANGELS Read morMore About the AuthoEileen Thornton lives in Kelso in the Scottish Borders. Though she only began writing in 2001, many of her short stories and article have appeared in several national magazines in the UK. But then she felt the urge to move on to writing something more grittyHer first novel, The Trojan Project, an action thriller, was published in 2008. "While writing it, I felt I was on the ride of my life. I tried to grab everyone's attention from the very start and give them a rollercoaster read.Since then Eileen has concentrated on women's fiction. Divorcees.Biz, a novel of fun and romance, was published in 2012 with Only Twelve Days, a heart-warming romance, following in November 2013She is currently working on a sequel to Divorcees.Biz, entitled: I Haven't a Clue

http://news.yandex.ru/yandsearch?cl4url=www.rg.ru%2f2015%2f02%2f04%2fmetro-anons.html&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
MOUNT PLEASANT, N.Y. (Reuters) - Seven people were killed and a dozen injured when a crowded New York commuter train struck a car stalled on the tracks near suburban White Plains during the rush hour oVALHALLA, N.Y.  At least 12 people were injured Tuesday after a Metro-North commuter train struck a car just north of the train station. The crash, which occurred about 6:35 p.m. near the Commerce StreeSeven people were killed when a Metro-North train packed with commuters from New York City hit a car on the railroad tracks in Westchester at the height of evening rush hour, sparking a fiery crash that's..

http://track.webgains.com/click.html?wgcampaignid=76319&wgprogramid=231&wgtarget=http://www.yesasia.com/us/you-who-came-from-the-stars-blu-ray-vol-2-japan-version/1037741202-0-0-0-en/info.html&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter
Bookmark & SharYesAsia Editorial DescriptioThe Korean drama sensation that swept Asia! Returning to the small screen for her first TV drama in over a decade, Korea's original sassy girl Jeon Ji Hyun reteams with her The Thieves co-star Kim Soo Hyun in the SBS fantasy romance You Who Came From the Stars (a.k.a. My Love From the Star ). Filled with heart, humor and suspense, the romantic drama revolves around the unlikely love between a bumbling actress and an emotionally detached alien who landed in Korea during Joseon times and stuck around for over 400 hundred years till the present day. Co-starring Park Hae Jin, Yoo In Na and Shin Sung Rok, You Who Came From The Stars not only lit up the ratings in Korea, it became a huge trend-setting hit throughout AsiaDo Min Joon (Kim Soo Hyun) first arrived on earth in 1609, but in order to protect a girl he met, he missed his chance to return to his home planet. Four centuries later, he is still living in Korea and working as a professor, the latest of many identities he's taken on through the years. Understanding that he doesn't belong to this world, the exceedingly rational Do Min Joon maintains distance from everyone save for one friend (Kim Chang Wan) who knows his secret. All is quiet and well for him until top actress Chun Song Yi (Jeon Ji Hyun) moves in next door and comes barging into his cloistered life. Loud, proud and bumbling yet irrepressibly lovable, Song Yi throws Do Min Joon off guard, and he can't help but protect her when her career takes a stumble. The two begin to fall in love despite themselves but Do Min Joon's days on earth are numberedIt's a great love story that transitions smoothly between serious and light hearted. The chemistry between the two leads is what makes this show work. (Have you seen their kiss in "The Thieves"?I bought the director's cut for the extras: bloopers, etc however NOTE: these are not subtitled! Which I found disappointing, YesAsia should make that clear in the product descriptionThe quality of the subtitles can only be described as average, especially in the last 5 or so episodes - there are instances where entire sentences do not make sense. Even more alarming are the scenes where the subtitles' meaning is the exact opposite to what the cast are sayingI am giving 2 stars because SBS kept a little lie about this blue-ray product. I absolutely love the drama My Love from the Star and own both DVDs and Blue-ray. Unfortunately, as many of you already know, the screen resolution of this blue-ray discs is not 1080p as advertised. If you check it at home, it will say "1080i" instead. You don't even need a program to check the difference in the screen resolution. As soon as you watch the movies on the blue-ray discs, you will be able to see that the resolution is far worse than that of the HD broadcast version. I am waiting and watching how SBS will compensate for this issue and how YesAsia will provide respective customer serviceFinished watching MLFTS ; quite a safe and open ending. I enjoyed MLFTS and goes without saying theres many good CSY/DMJ moments and a series which needs to be seen to truly enjoy. I did wonder if Song Yi was meant to be a reincarnation of Yi Hwa the girl from the Joseon era (Hyeon-soo Kim, also child version of SY), what with SYs feelings from the relic in the museum. Nuffin said on ending. An enigmatic romance indeed. Loads of supporting cast were great  Jae-hyeon Ahn as SYs star struck kid bro getting all brotherly soul mate with MJ over his big telescopes (I thought at one point these two were going to finally go out into the sunset), the two cops performed by Sang-jin Oh/Hee Won Kim, Kang-hyeon Kim as the manager (yeah, hes great), Jin-kyeong Hong (cool!) and of course Suzy (cooool!) doing her cameo thing and Soo-ro Kim (loud and cool!!) and oh, man, theres too many to listFirst press directors edition features great gifts, albeit no subs on extra features. Theres a separate poly bag with gifts and posters (folded) all okay. This includes mouse mat, three books (*Hangul), slim book mark (individually numbered) and bonus features DVD (card case) including promotional photo shoot, all together script reading, celebratory meals. All watchable stuff even without any English subs. Main box houses TV series disks each disk having bonus material (no English subs) a great landscape photobook with full page stills, 6 nice post cards and 80 page continuity book. Also a 5 track music disk (2 disk MLFTS OST set is the one to get). I did watch some NGs on disk 11 last night which are legion and the most watchable extras without necessarily needing English subs. Another whopping set of NGs on disk 10 (which Ive yet to see). Hours of em! Ought to be a Korean movie called Their NGs! (a comedy one of course..lolDVD picture quality and subs are great, but audio for all episodes (and extras) seems to be a consistent mono soundtrack mix (or duel mono). I watched MLFTS listening through Sony headphones and the menu music is stereo for sure, but episodes/extras seem mono to my ears. Original TV recording issues? Sound quality is crystal clear and doesnt spoil anything though. As gifts may not be available on a re-issue this would be a great present for Ji Hyun/Soo Hyun fans (who havent got it). Include your own beer and chicken whilst watching, you cant go wrong (*Good way to learn hangul is to translate song lyrics back and forthSong Yi  She is the one and only Customer Review Rated Bad 10 - 10 out of 1MLFTS although a fundamental norm of a k-drama rom-com, is certainly one I enjoyed by the lovely characters, Ji Hyuns quirky charisma, a good dark sinister murder plot and a no brainer for me with Ji Hyun back in funny Sassy Girl mode. :D MLFTS is more a fantasy drama rom-com with interesting other wordy alien premise (MJ and SY doing the Mork and Mindy?) and philosophical bits. MLFTS though is popular for the acting leads Big Love Dilemma where two vulnerable and contrasting personality types fall in love within difficult and cosmic circumstances; two strong people who are isolated, afraid and needful of love in their private lonely worlds. First record of Min Joons earthly Joseon arrival by UFO and time freeze effects are good reminding me of 60s pop culture sci-fi TV series UFO (especially episode Timelash). A bit sci-fi, MLFTS is certainly a k-drama rom-com in the mainSlow aging alien Min Joon (Soo Hyun) who prefers anonymous seclusion, sharing thoughts with his advisor Mr Jang (Chang-wan Kim) falls in love with loveable, funny, assertive and dippy drama actress Song Yi (Ji Hyun), when becoming her neighbour on a top floor posh apartment block. Song Yi gets grounded in her apt due to a social media scandal of getting her historical name facts mixed up (a bit like Song Yi posting to her fans her support for Angelina Jolies campaign for sexual violence in erogenous zones instead of war zones). So stuck humiliated in her apt, next door is Min Joon, who SY believed at first encounter with him in the apartment block lift, a silent type perverted fan boy. Min Joon though has been on earth for 400 years and due to return to his planet three months from the present after MJ missed his comet bus back home in the Joseon time, due to attempting to save the life of a distinguished young girl (superb Hyeon Soo Kim, who looks more like a child version of Eun-hye Yoon). As the girl in Min Joons past also resembles a childhood photo of Song Yi, MJ is determined to find out if Song Yi is the same soul of the girl he loved in Joseon time. Being her neighbour Min Joon gets to experience life with Song Yi a lot by imposition (kicking off with the media press forcing SY to hide in MJs apartment) but slowly falls in love with her kooky emotional ways; getting sick from a kiss and fetching SYs favourite food and drink - chicken and beer mostly. But falling in love with SY is troublesome  as avoiding his second chance home, Min Joon will dieMin Joon does his Superman thing by time freeze, super hearing (not a blessing when SY sings her woes into an hair dryer mike keeping MJ awake at night) can move superfast that variously assists and woos SY throughout his painfully emotional plight of love. Aside to the crestfallen two there is a quadrangle of love association where business company heir Hwi-kyeong (Hae Jin Park) uses his persistent wooing stamina to convince his childhood love Song Yi to marry him. And from the same childhood school days Song Yis class mate Se-mi (In-na Yoo  who has hyper cute powers) also a rival drama actress to Song Yi, always loves Hwi-keong. Soul mate happiness aint easy to obtain in MLFTS. Threaded throughout is an intrigue main sub plot surrounding the death of an actress Yoo-ra (played by lovely Latino looking In-yeong Yoo) driven by the dark megalomaniac scion of a corporate advertising company that also endangers Song Yi. This ominous character Jae-kyeong (brother to Hwi-keong) and his power ambition attitude is well performed by Seong-rok. Many more good characters, cameos, tooGot one episode to go (think Ive spotted that dogtooth jacket of Song Yis from Record 20 somewhere else lately...GG). I love Ji Hyuns funny madcap moments (psychiatrist room bit et al) her contortionist spidery stances, but Ji Hyuns shifts beautifully into more serious SY character facets. Soo Hyun, too, is all good as the deadpan, no nonsense alien whose suppressed emotive love nerves go into hyper toxic shock whenever hes kissed by SY (love slowly altering his DNA?). MJs logic man is not quite Star Treks Mr Spock (although MJ might have wanted to give Song Yi a Vulcan nerve pinch at times due to her over persuasive exuberance) but MJ is getting transformed from his isolative self and fear of love to a more open man (well, he has little choice with SY and boy is Soo Hyun an adept at the tearful bits). With SY sort of trapped within her demanding entertainment world of media exposure and electronic love and hate, also scared to lose someone - its a blessing SY has a strong force of self and eccentricity that shields her from that outer world. MJ is her soul knight from the stars but terrified about the consequences of mutual closeness after his grief loss in Joseon. Does Min Joon get reborn from Sung Yis demanding personality? Does Sung Yi become a happy kooky bunny loving Min Joon as the One forever? Now to the last episode. Super recommended

http://www.rete-veryadvertgjk.cu.cc/rss/http://www.rete-veryadvertgjk.cu.cc/page-38712/594270
Get a FREE domain with FREE DNS serviceRegister up to 100 domains for FREE. No Donations. No SurveysWhat is CU.CC We are a free domain name registration service. You can register up to 100 domain names for free or purchase a domain name VIP account and get up to 1000 domain names. Use the search box above to find a domain name available at our free domain name registrationYou can register all available domain names instantly. We offer the best free domain registration with dynamic dns service just like .com and any other TLD. We provide in addition to our domain names a free DNS service with full MX, CNAME, A and SOA records. Most good domain names are already registered, so why pay for a long and hard to remember domain when you can register your nice cu.cc name

http://news.yandex.ru/yandsearch?cl4url=www.rg.ru%2f2015%2f02%2f04%2fmetro-anons.html
MOUNT PLEASANT, N.Y. (Reuters) - Seven people were killed and a dozen injured when a crowded New York commuter train struck a car stalled on the tracks near suburban White Plains during the rush hour oVALHALLA, N.Y.  At least 12 people were injured Tuesday after a Metro-North commuter train struck a car just north of the train station. The crash, which occurred about 6:35 p.m. near the Commerce StreeSeven people were killed when a Metro-North train packed with commuters from New York City hit a car on the railroad tracks in Westchester at the height of evening rush hour, sparking a fiery crash that's..

http://redirect.viglink.com/?key=fb8880c053ff9407f2bf01ababf806ff&u=http://www.saucony.com/en/grid-9000/11799m.html%3fref%3dsaucony%2bgrid%2b9000%26dwvar_11799m_color%3ds70077-30%26cid%3dafl-lshare_saucony%26siteid%3dje6nubpobpq-fyf6hmukrpnmajl1hurk.q%26cid%3dafl-lshare_saucony%26siteid%3dje6nubpobpq-n_qrpfmfif9zvasilmfezw%26utm_content%3dbufferefdd0%26utm_medium%3dsocial%26utm_source%3dtwitter.com%26utm_campaign%3dbuffer
Saucony Running Shoes & AppareShop All Saucony Running Shoes, Gear, Accessories and ApparelFind your strong with high-performance running shoes from Saucony. We test each pair for superior quality and durability so you get the best experience on road, track or trail. Need running apparel for training or race day? From warm tights and compression sleeves to ultralight t-shirts and reflective jackets, shop our mens and womens apparel for all the running gear you need to complete your experience. Run farther, faster and stronger  be your absolute best with Saucony running shoes, apparel and accessories. You are our inspiration and the reason we do what we do. So shop our collection to find the right fit and go for a runYour browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this siteFooter LinkGET AHEAD OF THE PACSign up to be the first to hear about new arrivals, exclusive events, and promotions. Plus, keep an eye out for your welcome offer in your inbox

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/02/03/average-soldiers-don-t-trust-their-generals-and-they-have-a-point.html
BetrayaAverage Soldiers Dont Trust Their Generals and They Have a PoinA survey last year showed only 27% of the military felt senior leaders looked out for their best interests. To fix the morale crisis generals need to stop acting like politiciansThrough a decade-plus of war, Americas military men and women, and the families that support them, have experienced their share of hardships. Separations through multiple deployments and the inherent dangers of combat are enough to press the emotional and physical limits of even the strongest individualsFor some of these faithful defenders of Americas interests, there have been difficulties far beyond the battlefielddifficulties not imposed by any enemy or the distance and time that separates them from their loved ones. Most ironically, the assault against themintended or notcan sometimes come from within the military institution for which they fought, bled and sacrificed so muchIts no wonder why theres concern for morale in todays force. Just recently, outgoing Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said he too is worried about the decline in enthusiasm, and he believes it will take some time to reversing the mindset and perspective of the forceTheres no single reason for the decline in morale, although some reasons are more pronounced than others. Take for instance the question about whether senior military has my best interests at heart. In 2009, 53 percent of respondents answered yes. By 2014, only 27 percent answered affirmativelyOne recurring complaint involves what many service personnel perceive as the excessive politicization of the military during wartime, giving rise to high profile prosecutions, excessive punitive actions and decision making that is at odds with the best interests of service personnel. So much so, instincts necessary in combat have been replaced with second-guessing and hesitation, matched by a growing sense of distrust among the ranksThe examples are plentiful. So too are the excusesoften given in defense of ambiguous and restrictive rules of engagementthat seem to ignore the realities of war or the fact that in combat, split-second decisions must be made for the purpose of preserving lives and attaining objectivesSwensons experience was so bad the Army had to alter its process for Medal of Honor nominations and the Secretary of Defense issued him a direct apologyIn one case, a Special Forces soldier, Major Matt Golsteyn , was investigated by the Army for more than a year and a half under the suspicion that he violated the rules of engagement and illegally killed a known enemy fighter and bomb maker in Afghanistan. The allegation was presented through informal channels to the Army, which went to extraordinary lengths to investigate Golsteyn. The Army tried to turn up anything it could, but was unable to find one piece of evidence to corroborate the allegationToday, Golsteyn is still waiting for the Army to make a determination about his future. Hes been sidelined, his Special Forces recognition stripped, all while a guessing-game has ensued about what will happen to this decorated warfighter. Even the men who served under Golsteyn have been threatened at times, with the Army going as far to promise them full immunity several times over. None of them had anything to sayIf that wasnt enough, the combat valor awards that Golsteyn received for heroism including a Silver Star and Distinguished Service Crosswere recently revoked by the Secretary of the Army, John McHugh. Its McHughs belief that if the nominating and approving authorities were aware of allegation, Golsteyn would never have been awarded two of the Armys highest awards for valorHow unfortunate. The career of a decorated soldier and everything he has accomplished over a nearly fifteen-year service career has been taken away. The reason: an allegation that the Army was never able to substantiateThats no way to treat one of Americas top soldiersThere is also Clint Lorance , who is serving 19 years in military custody for giving an order to engage several fighters. The Army argues the individuals were not a threat, but evidence denied to Lorances legal team could prove differently. That same evidence may have been withheld by the chain of command for reasons that are still being examined and sure to be raised on appealThe case was reviewed and Lorances command was cleared of any wrongdoing, but there is still no explanation about why the Army refuses to produce the criminal investigation report and other information. Perhaps Lorance was not the best soldier, which may in fact be true, but is he a murderer who deserves nearly two decades in prison? UnlikelyAnother incident involves a soldier who received the Medal of Honor, but only after a major fight. That soldier, Will Swenson , found that his nomination for the top valor award was reportedly lost after he criticized commanders for denying him and others air support in Afghanistan out of concern for the rules of engagement, leaving them stranded. Swenson and his men fought their way out of danger, but not without taking casualtiesSwensons nomination was finally recovered and he received the award years after being nominated. However, events that transpired during a period of investigation are unspeakable, giving credibility to the idea that the Army resisted the award at every turnIn fact, Swensons overall experience was so bad that the Army was forced to alter its process for Medal of Honor nominations and for the Secretary of Defense to issue him a direct apology. What most people and soldiers in particular took away from the whole episode was a warning not to criticizewhen permissiblethe chain of command for its failuresAgain, that is no way to treat Americas military heroesIn another incident, several severely wounded Special Forces soldiers were twice nominated for Silver Stars, the second time coming after the initial paperwork was lost. The Army had said the awards were downgraded, but years later, a mistake by a private contractor provided information on the Armys top award recipients. Within that listing, the soldiers in question were all listed as receiving Silver Stars. The Army responded that a typo by the contractor might have caused the error. What they didnt say but was discovered sometime later was that there was an unrelated disagreement with the nominating officerA typo? No way. A poor excuse? More like it. All at the expense of soldiers who deserve betterThese occurrences certainly differ in their severity, but each is useful in demonstrating the pursuit of political ends to situations that begin with the battlefield actions of Americas sons and daughters who willingly and selflessly put their lives on the line. Unfortunately, there are many more incidents like these, which have only served to make servicemembers more suspicious of their leadershipThe servicesand the Army, in particularmust look inward. There must be a desire to initiate a cultural shift that reassures service personnel that the institutions under which they serve wont let them down, and they will receive the supportwhether through legal, administrative or operational channelsthat is worthy of their service. They want to know their best interests wont be disregardedMore than ten years at war and distressed budgets are sure to have an effect, but there is no denying the fact that a problem of equal size exists thats been brought on by a propensity to question the actions and judgments of young men and women tasked with carrying out dangerous missions. With the right leadership from within, this could be the easiest change to make, and perhaps make the biggest impact

http://www.lylithlavey.com
Welcome to my siteTake a peek and become intrigued! I was so determined to make my site perfect because I want nothing less for my fans! It's finally time to pull back the curtains ready to be seen. I have never in my life been a 'girl next door' type. Now, you get the benefit of seeing it as soon as my dirty mind creates it

http://www.stocktradepartner.com
Our mission here is to serve you the trader weather you would like affiliate marketing tools or by providing accessforinformation to all kinds or wonderful tools and links to help you on your way being a successful trader or affiliateand having many pip filled dayAlso included are many (To Come)links to wonderful free money making options on the Industrial Internet #Forex #Free #Trading #Bonus #Trainin

http://tinyurl.com/
Welcome to TinyURLAre you sick of posting URLs in emails only to have it break when sent causing the recipient to have to cut and paste it back together? Then you've come to the right place. By entering in a URL in the text field below, we will create a tiny URL that will not break in email postings and never expires Enter a long URL to make tiny: Custom alias (optional): http://tinyurl.com/ May contain letters, numbers, and dashesAdd TinyURL to your browser's toolbaOnce this is on your toolbar, you'll be able to make a TinyURL at the click of a button. By clicking on the toolbar button, a TinyURL will be created for the page you are currently atThis is compatible with most web browsers and platforms as long as your bookmarks or favorites allow javascript. The links toolbar may not be visible in all setups and in most browsers, you can enable it in the View->Toolbars menu of your web browser. You can also put it in your bookmarks instead of the links toolbarCan't drag and drop? For some users, such as some recent IE 6 installations, the clicking and dragging of links that contain javascript is no longer supported. To add this to your IE links toolbar, click the link with your right mouse button and select "Add to Favorites..." from the menu. Click OK if a security warning alert pops-up (this shows up since the link contains javscript). If a list of folders is not shown, click the "Createin>>>" button (see image at right). Now select the folder called "Links" and then click OK. You should now see the TinyURL on your links toolbar, if not, see the last paragraph aboveRedirection to any page in your siteWith TinyURL, you can also make a smaller URL that will work for any page on your site. Let's say that you have a website with the homepage that is atEntering that URL into TinyURL will create a URL likWith this you can then redirect someone to anywhere within your site by appending a slash and the pages filename to it. So if you have a page at http://www.my-internet-isp.com/~myusername/my-links-page.html, you can use the URL http://tinyurl.com/3/my-links-page.html and going to this URL will forward the visitor to the page in your websiteHide your affiliate URLAre you posting something that you don't want people to know what the URL is because it might give away that it's an affiliate link? Then you can enter a URL into TinyURL, and your affiliate link will be hidden from the visitor, only the tinyurl.com address and the ending address will be visible to your visitorsLink to usPlease link to us! Just make a link to http://tinyurl.com or use the following code to make a URL input boxTerms of useTinyURL was created as a free service to make posting long URLs easier, and may only be used for actual URLs. Using it for spamming or illegal purposes is forbidden and any such use will result in the TinyURL being disabled and you may be reported to all ISPs involved and to the proper governmental agencies. This service is provided without warranty of any kind

http://www.nettings-particle-mine-khz.cu.cc/rss/http://www.nettings-particle-mine-khz.cu.cc/page-38520/102796
Get a FREE domain with FREE DNS serviceRegister up to 100 domains for FREE. No Donations. No SurveysWhat is CU.CC We are a free domain name registration service. You can register up to 100 domain names for free or purchase a domain name VIP account and get up to 1000 domain names. Use the search box above to find a domain name available at our free domain name registrationYou can register all available domain names instantly. We offer the best free domain registration with dynamic dns service just like .com and any other TLD. We provide in addition to our domain names a free DNS service with full MX, CNAME, A and SOA records. Most good domain names are already registered, so why pay for a long and hard to remember domain when you can register your nice cu.cc name

http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/compute-stick/intel-compute-stick.html?linkid=11944018
Intel Compute SticTagsConnect. Compute. Its that SimpleThe Intel Compute Stick is a new generation of computing that transforms any HDMI* display into a fully functional computerPlug and Play Just Got Even SimpleCompute when, where, and how you wanThe Intel Compute Stick 1 is a new generation compute-on-a-stick device thats ready-to-go out-of-the-box and offers the performance, quality, and value you expect from Intel. Pre-installed with Windows 8.1* or Linux*, get a complete experience on an ultra-small, power-efficient device that is just four inches long, yet packs the power and reliability of a quad-core Intel Atom processor, with built-in wireless connectivity, on-board storage, and a micro SD card slot for additional storage. Its everything you love about your desktop computer in a device that fits in the palm of your handFor consumerA solution with plenty of storage and performance needed for light productivity, social networking, web browsing, and streaming media, such as Netflix*, Hulu*, or gamesTagsProduct and Performance InformatioThis device has not been authorized as required by the rules of the Federal Communications Commission. This device is not, and may not be, offered for sale or lease, or sold or leased, until authorization is obtained

http://readability.com/m?url=http://www.themalaymailonline.com/world/article/third-poultry-quarantine-set-up-in-washington-amid-avian-flu-worries
Third poultry quarantine set up in Washington amid avian flu worrieFeb. 4, 201WorlThe Washington State Department of Agriculture adopted an emergency rule to establish a new quarantine area which encompasses a six-mile area in Oroville, Wash, state officials said.  Reuters pic WASHINGTON, Feb 4  The state of Washington said yesterday it has established a third poultry quarantine zone after state officials discovered that a flock of about 100 birds in Okanogan County was infected with the avian influenza virusThe Washington State Department of Agriculture adopted an emergency rule on Sunday to establish the new quarantine area, which encompasses a six-mile area in Oroville, Wash, state officials saidState officials are conducting additional tests to identify the specific flu strain that infected the flock. About half of the 100 birds have died, according to agriculture officialsThe quarantine generally restricts the movement of all eggs, poultry or poultry products from leaving that areaThe state had set up the first emergency quarantine in the area on Jan. 29, after a flock of nearly 5,000 birds tested positive for the H5N2 influenza strain. Another quarantine zone was also set up in Clallam County, in response to a separate infected flockThe US Department of Agriculture said at the time the virus did not pose a health risk to the public, and birds and other poultry products from such infected flocks would not enter the food systemRegardless, China last month banned all imports of US poultry products and eggs following the discovery of avian influenza in the US Pacific Northwest, the USDA said. All poultry shipped to China after January 8 was to be returned or destroyed, the agency saidThe virus is extremely contagious among poultry and can spread rapidly through a flock, killing birds in as little as 48 hours. The H5N2 strain has also been found in backyard chicken flocks in IdahoA different strain, H5N8, forced a temporary quarantine of a Foster Farms turkey ranch in California last month, with the birds destroyed to prevent the spread of the disease to migratory and commercial flocks.  Reuter

http://www.mine-blurb-circuitsdcz.cu.cc/rss/http://www.mine-blurb-circuitsdcz.cu.cc/page-45371/928272
Get a FREE domain with FREE DNS serviceRegister up to 100 domains for FREE. No Donations. No SurveysWhat is CU.CC We are a free domain name registration service. You can register up to 100 domain names for free or purchase a domain name VIP account and get up to 1000 domain names. Use the search box above to find a domain name available at our free domain name registrationYou can register all available domain names instantly. We offer the best free domain registration with dynamic dns service just like .com and any other TLD. We provide in addition to our domain names a free DNS service with full MX, CNAME, A and SOA records. Most good domain names are already registered, so why pay for a long and hard to remember domain when you can register your nice cu.cc name

http://www.neowise.org
Job vacancies in DubaVacancies in DubaEngineering jobs in DubaJob search DubaBank jobs in DubaInternational jobWhatever you can imagine with your career, you can bring to live with Neowise International jobs searching service. So start thinking that you can get your dreamengineering jobs in Dubaior bank jobs in Singapore. Because when you become registered job seeker you can create amazing global careerTo "activate" displaying of an arrow, use its property "VisibleNeowise.. Jobs finder in dubai - The Game Changer for Job SearchinFind a new career in the UK or UAE with Neowis Corporation Recruitment. Browse a range of vacancies in Dubai,permanent or temporary roles including employment in IT, Finance, Construction, HR & Marketing. Neowise corporation searching highest paid jobs in Dubai for clients in main cities InternationallyDubai Jobs Corporation global career services in Dubai is an award winning, leading specialist and professional jobsiteby paid employment searching, we are unique consultancy with offices in London, Singapore, Dubai, Canada, and Hong KongIn addition to saving you time, "Neowise" team provides you 24/7 help line and support with findingjob vacancies in Dubai,great customer service andglobal career help.To make sure your candidature exposure become valuableto executive recruiters we are helping you with CV and cover letter to make sure you will get bestjob search in Dubai.More exposure of course often leads to more interviews and morevacancies in DubaiWith pleasure we can say that with Neowise you can have ahighest paid bank jobs in Dubai Ever!. We also Guarantee the best job search program to make sure you findengineering jobs in DubaiFor Engineers and Senior Engineers RolesFor Entry Level and Fresh GraduateFor Senior Management Roles CEO,CFO,VP,MD,ROFor Middle SKilleOne of the challenges in your international jobs searching methods is that it can take a less time to find highest paid jobs or start global career and connect with executives in Dubai, Qatar, Canada or United Kingdom. Our professional recruiters start targeting job vacancies in Dubai chosen by your industry and career sectorPutting your CV in a local database is fine, but need to appear on the first page of HR consultant, then results for it will be used exclusively. You as a job seeker and we as jobsite Dubai of course compete amongst thousands of other candidates and so the chances of getting employment in Dubai or Qatar are much more relevant and a decent amount of exposure for overseas employment become achievableApplying for suitable senior appointments for bank jobs in Dubai and vacancies in Dubai now have another method. Our " jobsite Dubai " have very good rate of placement. However if you using another employment Dubai website you only reach one recruiter at a time, it can take several months to make the right connections and that decision is not always good for youNeowise provide Visa sponsorship Opportunities in Europe, United States, Canada, Middle East, Australia and Asia. First and most successful HR Recruitment corporation reverses the traditional jobs-searching model. With our job site Dubai services, you save a lot of your valuable time by letting us to help you find 'The' best vacancies internationally, targeted executive search firms, private corporations, and recruiters and it only takes you three minutes to sing up!Neowise's job site service enables you to get your CV directly to our recruitment specialists and then they sending your resume for vacancies in Dubai and calling over the phone into the decision makers in Fortune 500 companies and into executive search and executive recruitment firms, where your CV just can't be misplacedWith Neowise employment system your private data is fully protected and placed in front of selected targeted executives, recruiters, head-hunters and search firms who recruit at your career level, salary level, location, function and industry. The Neowise service saves you a great deal of time and Guarantee a placement with efficiency wages! as it only takes you three minutes to connect with multiple companies, targeted HR recruiters and executive search firms, rather than several several years of unsuccessful career searching. Neowise are now also provide employment help for engineering jobs in DubaiDear Job SeekerI would like to show you what my recruitment business can do for you regarding job searching. My company can help you to find a career in United Kingdom, United States, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Australia or CanadaNow let me introduce my business to you the job searching is only the beginning. You'll also be interviewed by recruiters and employers around the world in our program, and I can promise you that if you think strategy you have is good this is at a whole new level. And believe me if you do even half as well as the rest of the people who've gone through this program, you're going to be very very impressedSounds fair enoughOK, Our basic system It's a cash outlay registration fee only for job searching package and that includes the job searching in major cities around the world, and like I said this will be the best investments you've ever made. if you will join to our program the only problem you'll have is I didn't call you six month ago and sign you up thenI mean let me say this: One of the true beauties of the program is that program is that actually comes with an unconditional guarantee, if you go through the program and don't think it is the best investments in job searching you've ever made then you can get a 100% refund right on the spot, no question asked. So it cost you absolutely nothingWe have a several job searching systems that we suggest for you no metter if you are fresh graduated or senior manager we can hit a Global Market for example we can find a job for you in companies like: J.P Morgan, BP, Pepsi, Apple, and connect you with companies like manpower recruitment, Dubai Islamic Bank, Oracle Systems Limited, Amana Group Construction in DubaiAnd you will get a full support in job searching, what I mean isMy team will be searching a fresh vacancies for you in UAE and Qatar if you requested. They will also manage to contact Head-hunters and recruiters with your CV. My team also will call to employers before they send your CV so we do not spam them. Our HR director will personally have a look on your CV and cover letter. Team of our recruiters always making sure that you have every details and spelling correct. We also add you to the International data base like Bayt.com and Reed.co.uk. James setting up minimum 2-3 Interviews per week with employers for you within 3 months time. We are managing process for your visa, immigration or citizenship documents for new jobIf you will be not happy with a senior management jobs we provide for you then we will refund a moneyLearn about Neowise services, view online packages, get the latest upadates, and more. Connect with other Neowise users, or get service, support, and professional advice from Neowise Coropration Make things happen..Not just a Job Searching It is a live changing systeWell help you choose exactly the right career and locationAmaze yourself. Amaze the worlA job at Fortune 500 companies in Dubai is unlike any other jobs youve had. Youll be challenged. Youll be inspired. And youll be proud of using Neowise company. Because whatever your job is here, youll be part of something bigNeowise CareerWhen theres an opening at Dubai,Singapore or London , we always look to fill it with the best candidates. If that sounds like you, then start your search right hereNeowise is a place where extraordinary people gather their best work. Our corporation is made up for job searching of every kind of individual: artists and designers, engineers, senior managers and scientists, thinkers and doersTogether we create dream careers, unique vacancies and experiences people once couldnt have imagined  and now cant imagine living without Neowise. So if youre excited by the idea of making a real impact in your live, a caree searching packages might help you to get your dream job. Just be ready to dream bigNeowise Corporation is authorized and regulated by the International Conduct Authority (ICA), under recruitment firm reference no 2302212. Registered in Dubai, U.S, Qatar. Calls with our customers may be recorded for training and monitoring purposes

http://allstategoodhandsnews.com/money-matters/245-debt-in-america.html?cid=emc-ghn-cp-150201%3adebtinamerica&ct=a&agentid=0a3648&agentfirstname=ricardo&agentsurname=sambrano&agenttitle=exclusive+agent&agentbusinessphone=%28915%29+849-5850&agentemailaddress=rsambrano%40allstate.com&agencywebsite=agent.allstate.com%2f0a3648&agentfacebook=http%3a%2f%2fwww.facebook.com%2fsambrano.allstate
Debt in AmericAmerica owes a lot of money, and so do its citizens. Are you above or below average? Read more..In New York City, the National Debt Clock quietly ticks away. Its an outdoor billboard that shows passersby, minute-by-minute, the debt of the federal government  and how much each citizen would owe if they had to pay their share. (Right now, your share is around $56,000!Debt is a fact of life. You use debt to buy a home, buy a car or finance your education. But how much is too much? Look at the infographic below for some surprising numbers

http://davidperea.com/
Fashion PhotographBlack and White PhotographArt & DesigTote BagCases and SkinT-shirts and HoodieThrow PillowFreelance Photography - Abstract ArFine Art PhotographArt & DesigBooks and EbookConceptual PhotographAnd More ..Graphic DesigTraveling PhotographAbstract ArFreelance PhotographDavid Perea is an internationally awarded philosophical artist and raw poet. His artwork has evolved into visionary dimensions that challenge impressions and perceptions of ourselves and of our planet.His artwork seeks to animate positivism, compassion, peace, higher consciousness and awareness about our worldAbstract ArAwesome PortfolioMaidens of LondoMixed Media WorkNasca  PerSan Francisco Bay AreMaidens of The WorlCreative PortraiturExhibitions and EventAbout the ArtisGet us to fulfill your awesome design needsConceptual PhotographProduct PhotographFashion PhotographFine Art PrintHome Art + DesigArt Books and EbookWhat They SaI feel that each piece creates such an emotional reaction within me. You use such clever compositions and vivid lighting that stimulates the eye and the mind. I really love your Maidens of the World collection. Lovely work. Luft, Maiden of Berlin is one of my personal favorites, but I find all your work to be fresh and contemporary - Leigh Casablancas Senior Publicist/Curator NY Arts MagazinI have the pleasure to work with artists that range from fashion designers, musicians, painters, producers, poets and beyond. It is humbling to be surrounded by so many people with so much artistic talent. Every once in a while, however, I am surrounded by wide talent in the form of a single person. Recently, I met David Perea and had a chance to get to know his work and ideas. A true Renaissance artist

http://www.yourscontributionssystems-e.cu.cc/rss/http://www.yourscontributionssystems-e.cu.cc/page-64889/902410
Get a FREE domain with FREE DNS serviceRegister up to 100 domains for FREE. No Donations. No SurveysWhat is CU.CC We are a free domain name registration service. You can register up to 100 domain names for free or purchase a domain name VIP account and get up to 1000 domain names. Use the search box above to find a domain name available at our free domain name registrationYou can register all available domain names instantly. We offer the best free domain registration with dynamic dns service just like .com and any other TLD. We provide in addition to our domain names a free DNS service with full MX, CNAME, A and SOA records. Most good domain names are already registered, so why pay for a long and hard to remember domain when you can register your nice cu.cc name

http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/architecture-and-technology/realsense-snapshot.html
Intel RealSense snapshot adds a new dimension to your tablet: depth perception. Tablets with Intel RealSense snapshot have three camera lenses instead of just one. When you take a picture, the three lenses work together to create one combined photo that includes depth perception. This "depth mapping" captures the people and things in your pictures in their own space, relative to each other. That gives you the power to make the most of your photos: Change focus, switch perspectives, take measurements, 1 and moreYou can do amazing things with Intel RealSense snapshot. This is where it all changesWe are committed to bringing Intel RealSense apps to the world on phones, tablets, and computersand your app can be one of them. Help develop the next generation of natural, immersive, and intuitive apps that include hand and finger tracking, facial analysis, speech recognition, augmented reality, and 3D scanningLearn about the Intel RealSense App Challenge 2014, where developers from around the world competed for cash and prizes, as well as cutting edge computing software and hardware

http://redirect.viglink.com/?key=5e049e2a6ca6eb1164d35dbbe3080a81&u=http://www.lightinthebox.com/women-s-model-v-neck-deep-v-sexy-long-sleeveless-top-t-shirts-blouse_p1500138.html
Looks nice on and hides my additional weight from having a baby so I am happy about that. Vestitile article of clothing. I plan to wear it to work and for girls night. Material was a little thin so I do wear a cami underneath for modesty but everyone wears clothes differently I guess

http://www.thesimplemoms.com/2015/01/5-tips-to-help-get-the-weight-off-my-weight-loss-journey-wwsponsored-weightwatchers.html
5 tips to help get the weight off :: my weight loss journey {#WWSponsored #WeightWatchersThis post was created as part of a relationship in which I was sponsored by Weight Watchers and given a free three month subscription to try their new Personal Coaching product and write about my experience. Though I was compensated for my time and commitment, all views, positive and negative, are my own. #WeightWatchers #WWsponsoreMy weight loss has not been substantial at this point. But, thats ok. I am not in this for quick loss and then gaining it back. I am looking for long term, healthy changes in my lifeto last me the REST of my life. That being said, I wanted to share with you 5 things I have been doing to help keep me focused. Help keep me driving towards my goal. The goal I set up in my Weight Watchers account and keep watching it on a weekly basisI am using Weight Watchers this time around for several reasons, however, one of the biggest reasons is because its SO. MUCH. MORE. than just a diet program. They are humans making me feel even more like a better human. The personal coaching is uplifting me , making me feel ok when I fail, yet pushing me a little so I can pick up where I left offAll right, enough of the mushy, mushy talk, lets talk about some things YOU can do to achieve your weight loss success!Have a scheduled day to weigh in each weeksame day, same time. You wouldnt think it would make a difference, but it does when it comes to the time of day. I always do it first thing in the morning  I go to the bathroom, then grab the scale. ClockworkTrack, track, and track some more . I dont know about you, but if I know that Im going to have to write something down, if its going to be solidified in black ink in a notebook or in my app, I hesitate to eat it. Might seem silly, but YOU try it! If you know that you are going to have to add a peanut butter cup to your app, and then its going to generate automatically the points in which you just consumed, Im betting you will hesitate to eat it. That tip alone has saved me a TON of calories lol!! My tipright now you can get a steal on calendars. Yes, you can get one that has a hefty price tag on it, and to each his own. But, I picked mine up in the dollar section at Target, yall!! Boo-yah!! Its perfect because there is space for each day, so I can put some food as well as my work-outs. Its mainly for my work-outs to be honest, I like the Weight Watchers app to track my foodPrep ahead. Its hard to plan. Like REALLY hard for me. That has been my biggest challenge, and when I dont plan and prep, I find myself grabbing snacks all day longnothing of substance and only things that will leave me longing for more food. When I DO plan ahead, I have healthy snacks and meals all set and ready to roll. I have been trying to do this on the weekend, when my husband is around to help monitor the children and make sure they are staying safe lol! My advice for you is to do it when you can stay focused. I like to sit down at the computer and check out the meal section of the Weight Watchers site. The meals are FABULOUS and give huge direction. Not every one of them is up my alley, but Im able to sort and pick from difficult to create to easy. I opt for easy 9 times out of 10Have a great support system . Whether its your spouse or significant other or a family member or a friend. Having someone you can talk to about things whenever you need to, is HUGELY important! If you dont have a good support system, that is where I find the PERSONAL COACHING is beyond fabulous. I have stuck with the same gal, and I love it. You can totally switch it up, but the gal I picked meshes well with me. They have a little bio when you are reading about the personal coaches. I picked one that was in to running, because when I do workout, the food is what gets me. I want to eat everything in sight! I needed someone that understood this. Outside of my husband, she is my other part of the support system. She lifts me up and points things out that I may have not see. Crucial!! Oh yesone more thing. Sorry, I keep adding, but this is a great point too! There is 24/7 help via the Weight Watchers app and online too! Just one click and you are on your way to the help or reassurance you needThe last thing, just have more good days than bad days . Period. Dont beat yourself up. Work on loving yourself!! Tomorrow is a new day! Make better choices tomorrow and you will feel good!the fashionista :: shannon is a wordy, type-A OCD momma to FOUR little ladies and wife to her perfect match of 12 years now. she will run for fun, emotional stability, wine and more importantly {chocolate}. shoes, bags, baubles and cute babies are her vice. she loves anything fashion and is loving every second of having 4 little fashionistas in training! {life motto :: Phil 4:13} Find more of Shannon on her blog , twitter , pinterest , facebook , instagram and Google+ 

http://www.al-daa.com/vb/watch.php?url=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qop76gwoac4&feature=youtube_gdata&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitterfeed
1 = Share : Easily share your videos with everyone on public 2 = Watch : Better than TV! Watch what you want, when you want! 3 = Add : Quickly Add and tag videos in almost any video formaLinkaty allows you to make and Earn money from the links your users post, from the links you place on your website, or from the posts you make in a forum. It is simple and easy to get started making money Today!you can make money with every URL that you shorten and boost your online earning in no Time. Earning money online never been so easy, best rates to our publisher, especially if you can do it when you do your favorite work and browsing the internet. so if you are ready to make some more money sign up today. Share your short urls on facebook, twitter, Forums, personal blog or personal Website, any social networking sites and get earn mone

http://track.webgains.com/click.html?wgcampaignid=28715&wgprogramid=1120&wgtarget=http://www.yesasia.com/tazza-the-hidden-card-dvd-2-disc-korea-version/1038256144-0-0-0-en/info.html
Bookmark & SharYesAsia Editorial DescriptioHur Young Man's gambling comic Tazza , which inspired Choi Dong Hun's 2006 blockbuster and a 2008 television drama, gets adapted a third time in Sunny director Kang Hyung Chul's fast-paced, twist-filled film sequel Tazza: The Hidden Card . Based on the second volume of Huh's comic, Tazza 2 stars Big Bang's T.O.P ( Commitment ) as the young and suave nephew of Tazza: The High Rollers ' protagonist Goni. Yu Hae Jin reprises his role from the first Tazza , as does Kim Yoon Seok who returns as the notorious Ah Gwi for the final gambling showdown.The film's star-studded cast includes actresses Shin Se Kyung ( Hindsight ) and Honey Lee ( I Am the King ) and actors Kwak Do Won, Lee Kyoung Young, Kim In Kwon and Oh Jung SeFleeing his hometown after a violent altercation, young upstart Dae Gil (T.O.P) takes the underworld gambling scene by storm with his innate flair for the game, and soon he's living the high life with the world at his feet. The cards turn against him, however, when he falls prey to a set-up. While down and out, he reencounters his hometown sweetheart Mina (Shin Se Kyung), who now works for a rival gambling den boss, and his uncle's old friend Ko Kwang Ryeol (Yu Hae Jin) who helps him con his way back into the gameThis edition includes commentary, making of, CG making, deleted scenes, cameo making and trailersYumCha! Asian Entertainment Reviews and FeatureGambling films continue to be popular in Korea, with Choi Dong Hun's 2006 megahit Tazza: the High Rollers still standing out as one of the genre's highpoints. With a 2008 sequel having run into production issues, fans have had some years to wait for a follow up, which finally now arrives in Tazza: the Hidden Card , directed by Kang Hyung Chul ( Sunny ). Again based on Hur Young Man's gambling themed manhwa, the film is adapted from the second volume of the series, following the nephew of the original's protagonist Goni. Boasting major star power in headliner T.O.P (from the group Big Bang, and recently in Commitment ), the film was another record breaker at the box office, as well as pulling in a variety of nominations at the Grand Bell and Blue Dragon AwardsT.O.P plays Dae Gil, a young man who works himself into a gang of card sharks, impressing them and everyone else in the underworld with his skills and charm. Unfortunately for Dae Gil, his colleagues turn against him, setting him up to take the fall for a failed scheme and leaving him down and out. His life gets even more complicated when he runs into his childhood sweetheart Mina (Shin Se Kyung, Hindsight ), who has fallen into the clutches of the evil card master and criminal Jang (Kwak Do Won, The Attorney ). Desperate to help, he enlists the aid of his uncle Goni's old friend Ko Kwang Ryeol (Yu Hae Jin, The Pirates ), and sets about scheming his way to rescue Mina and get back to the top of the gameAlthough technically a sequel, and featuring several returning cast members, Tazza: the Hidden Card works perfectly well as a standalone film, with some handy exposition filling in viewers who missed (or can't remember) the first instalment. While some character details might mean more to Tazza veterans, there's more than enough going on here to make the film equally engaging for newcomers, with a huge amount of scheming and backstabbing packed in, and with double and triple crosses being the order of the day. Though essentially predictable, building towards the usual kind of all-important final card game, the Machiavellian manoeuvring keeps things fresh, if a touch convoluted, and it's fun trying to keep one step ahead of the cast as they out-plot each other. The film moves briskly through its two and a half hour running time and never drags, Kang Hyung Chul navigating the dense narrative with a reasonable level of economy and alacrity. A sharp script and a solid cast of interesting characters helps, and T.O.P and Shin Se Kyung have a respectable amount of chemistry as the lead pairing, enough so to make the film moderately suspenseful, though it's arguably supporting players Yu Hae Jin and Kwak Do Won who have the stand out rolesWhat does matter more is a basic knowledge of Korean hwatu card gambling, or at least a vague interest in the subject, as the film is filled with card game set pieces. With very little in the way of explanation or information on the rules, uninitiated viewers will quite possibly feel bewildered at all the flinging around of cards and their many meanings and values, a fact which might well undermine the tension and excitement for some. Thankfully, Kang just as much on the cheating skills of the players, most of the matches revolving around the ability to read and trick the opponent, and the film is very creative on this score, with several games playing out under bizarre and gimmicky conditionsThis is all very entertaining, and Kang shoots the film with dizzying energy and a stylish visual approach that makes sure it looks gorgeous throughout. Of course, this does leave the film open to charges of glamorising its criminal activities, and indeed it does frequently heads into uncomfortable moral territory, with sudden bursts of surprisingly bloody violence and sadism, its female characters in particular coming off badly (many of whom seem to end up being sold into prostitution). Though this makes it an odd mix at times, it does add a welcome hard edge as well as an injection of visceral kickTazza: the Hidden Card is a worthy follow up to The High Rollers , and another enjoyable Korean card film, directed with verve by Kang Hyung Chul. The subject matter does make it rather a niche offering, and while viewers unfamiliar with hwatu should still find plenty to hold the interest, it's certainly one which will go down best with aficionados of the card gambling subgenre

http://theidleman.com/
If youre a student and fancy getting 20% off at our store, all you have to do it just register with your student beans ID... Sign uThe Idle Man is an online men's fashion retailer providing advice and products suited to the modern male. Our brands cater for every style with Levi's, Vans, Majestic Athletic, Farah Vintage and Religion being perfect examples of our roster's diversity. We're the go-to men's fashion retailer for guys on all budgets looking for the best in men's apparel. Be it street style, work wear or formal fashion  we've got it coveredFollow uThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here. 20% off for a yearWe're giving you the chance to be part of the next big thing in mens fashion and invest in our future. In return you'll get a stake in one of the UK's fastest growing businesses and get 20% off all full-priced clothing until 31st December 2015. 

http://www-01.ibm.com/software/analytics/solutions/customer-analytics/social-media-analytics/
Social Media AnalyticIBM Social Media Analytics delivers powerful customer insighIBM Social Media Analytics is a powerful tool for discovering customer sentiment from millions of online sources. Businesses are using the power of social media to gain a better understanding of their markets. However, they need deep analytics expertise to transform this Big Data into actionable insight. IBM Social Media Analytics can help you harness social data and take decisive action across the enterprise. From identifying new patterns and trends for your product development team, to protecting your brand image and micro-segmenting customers to refine marketing campaigns, or targeting prospective new hires for HR, and to improving the overall customer experience  IBM Social Media Analytics can help your business

http://www.trulia.com/blog/trick-brain-saving-payment/?ecampaign=cnews&eurl=www.trulia.com/blog/trick-brain-saving-payment/&utm_source=gaggleamp-wintrust%20mortgage&utm_medium=twitter%20(gaggleamp)&utm_campaign=none%20(gaggleamp)&utm_content=follow-these-7-strategies-to-help-you-meet-your-goal-of-saving-f-303795
How to Trick Your Brain into Saving a Down PaymenOnline shopping makes spending an ever-present option.If you want to buy those new boots, try matching that spending with an equal contribution to your down paymentStay ConnecteSubscribe to get tips and trends for your next move* Email address is requiredSign URent or BuyNot sure if you should rent or buy? We can help you do the math  and make the right decision. Compare CostFollow these 7 strategies to ensure you meet your long-term goalsWhy do we have such difficulty sticking to a long-term savings plan when we consider our future goals just as important as  if not more than  present goals? We generally like to think that humans are highly rational creatures, but the fact of the matter is: most of our decisions are determined by years of neural conditioning, rationality being only a small piece of the puzzleThe rational side of the brain that communicates the need to save now for a future benefit is often drowned out by the emotional side of our brain. Swiping a card for a new laptop instead of saving that money for our down payment feels natural because the rational brain we assume is acting in our favor is also justifying a financial decision that doesnt align with our long-term strategySo with our brain working to persuade us its OK to spend when we should be saving, how can we outsmart our own (very persuasive) selves in order to saveMake it hard to spenIts time to make it really tough to access your savings account for impulse buys. For example, instead of keeping your savings in your easy-to-access checking account, keep these savings in a separate account or a brick-and-mortar. When were tasked with an inconvenient action to get a reward, were less likely to complete the initial processAutomate your savingOne way to avoid the pain point of saving is to allow automation to take the task out of your hands (and out of your mind). Automating your savings is an incredibly easy way to divert your cash toward a goal without much thought on your end. Because it removes the rationalization whether to save or not, it also removes the emotional act of negotiating with your own mindCreate specific goals and set reminderStudies suggest that we tend to overlook our long-term goals in favor of immediate gain. To stay in tune with your long-term goals, set and showcase reminders that force you to acknowledge your long-term goal regularly. Some people connect with visuals (like posting a picture of a dream home in a highly visible area), others connect more with the numbers side of saving (like creating a clear savings timeline with specific, number-based savings goals). Depending on your personal approach, use these reminders to keep you on trackMatch impulse buys with an equal amount into your savingEven if were not in a retail environment, our computers and our phones make spending an ever-present option. Inundated by these opportunities to spend, skew the act of spending to your favor. So you want to buy those new boots? Match that spending with an equal contribution to your down paymentSometimes the pain of doubling a cost is enough to deter a purchase. In the case you still choose to spend, the matched contribution ensures youre at the very least taking measures to savePut away any unexpected savingConsumers often excuse an unbudgeted expense with But it was on sale! To piggyback a good habit onto any impulse purchase, take the sum that was discounted and add it to your down payment savings accountUse herd mentality to your advantagWhile were most familiar with financial pressure in the form of keeping up with the Joneses, social pressure can also be used to our advantage. When social expectations are incorporated into a task, were more likely to feel compelled to complete it or to showcase our progress toward itThis herd mentality can be applied to both positive and negative habits. If youre comfortable chatting money with friends or family, use accountability from your acquaintances to encourage your saving habits. Changing your social environment to support saving strategies over spending habits provides the social pressure to choose saving over spendingMaintain your spending status quo  even if your earnings increasLifestyle inflation is real and often tough to reverse once implemented. Maintaining the status quo for your spending will maintain a spending expectation. Instead of considering a financial windfall extra, consider it another piece of paper to add to the down payment pileTime to share your tricks: Any tips for saving  even against your most convincing arguments to spendRent or BuyClaire Murdough is a San Francisco-based writer whose work has appeared in Lifehacker, The Bold Italic, and Yahoo. She's a writer at ReadyForZero , a company dedicated to empowering people to organize their debt repayment in the most efficient way possible. When she's not demystifying personal finance, she's dreaming of her next travel destination and exploring the local scene. Follow her on Twitter at @claire_murdough Trulia is an all-in-one real estate site that gives you the local scoop about homes for sale , apartments for rent , neighborhood insights, and real estate markets and trends to help you figure out exactly what, where, and when to buy, sell, or rent. You can also find a real estate agent, view prices of recently sold homes, and see home values in your community. Get advice and opinions from local real estate agents, brokers, and other local experts on Trulia Voices, Trulia's online real estate community

http://www.officialjenniferann.com
View TraileHi guys, or girls! Welcome to my official website, I'm Jennifer Ann a model from the UKHere you can find exclusive photo sets and videos and even more topless selfies which you won't see anywhere else, on my journeys, on my shoots, in my bedroom.. I will upload much more content here than elsewhere. I will also be doing cam shows for those who want to see me, dont be shy I'm so excited to speak to you allI didn't imagine ever getting my own site so I really am so over the moonI'm so excited to share my new website with you, I hope you enjoy it, I enjoyed making it ;-Big kisseBritish Glamour Model Jennifer AnThe last 6 months has been crazy for me with the launch of the site and more modelling jobs coming in. I have to say I have loved it. I think lots of the Glamourbuckz girls are super excited about the first trip abroad early next year to shoot more hot images and videos for the sites. Now I think you all may know I love the Sun so any suggestions for what you would like to see me in abroad then just let me know in the foru

http://redirect.viglink.com/?key=95fdef9f748ba775f95a739ec3b87637&u=http://www.ebay.com/itm/jeff-bagwell-2014-national-treasures-bat-barrels-one-of-one-1-1-astros-/361199859643%3fpt%3dus_baseball%26hash%3ditem54193077bb
Bidding has ended on this itemThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or taLisu's sportscardStore CategorieThis item will be shipped first class mail shipping/handling in a padded envelope (card will be in a case with a team bag to hold card securely) and delivery confirmation. All cards are in at least NM-MT condition (PSA 8/BGS 8) unless otherwise stated. Please add $2.00 for shipping and handling. I only ship to US, Australia, Germany, Canada, and the UK. Additional cards won will be an additional $0.10 per card for US. For international, it would be based upon actual shipping costs. I pay for insurance for all orders over $100. Payment is expected within 3 calendar days, and I reserve the right to cancel any bids from users with questionable feedback (excessive recent negatives or 0 feedback).I only ship to US and Canada. If there are multiple cards in the scan, the auction is only for the card in the auction title. I do not end auctions early, so please do not ask. Please see my other auctions for other great cards. Please contact me with any questionsPlace biBy clicking Confirm bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidderBy clicking Confirm bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount

http://mobile.sportingnews.com/article/4634591-super-bowl-xlix-two-irish-fans-sneak-in-security-seats-worth-for-4-fourth-tickets-patriots-seahawks?modid=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bing.com%2fsearch%3fq%3dkids%2bsneak%2binto%2bsuper%2bbowl%26a%3dresults%26mid%3d2500
"Our game plan was to be super confident," Whelan told RTE Radio One Morning Ireland ."We just thought if we pretend we belong there, nobody will question us.After sneaking behindone layer of security after another, the duowalked in behind a group of first-aid workers, walkedstraight up to the front door and hid in behind them before one last push into the stadium"Paul was looking at his phone, pretending to text me, as if we had just popped out to look at an email we got or something," Whelan said."We walked past another security guard that just wasn't paying attention, and (then) we could see the field.The pairended up seat-hopping for the first part of the game, using people's seats as they went to the restroom or toconcessions before finding seats in the fourth row (worth $25,000 each, according to azcentral.com ) that belonged to halftime show entertainers whowouldn't returnafter they left"So we ended up in the fourth row, sitting beside a former Super Bowl champion, Lawyer Milloy, who gave us a play-by-play of the game," Richard said."It was pretty cool to have the Super Bowl champion sharing all the details.They didn't stop there.After the gamethe pair skipped the queues and hopped on a VIP bus which brought them back to the street of their hotel"It was a good day of hustling," Richard said."What seemed like impossible came true.

http://fleetdjmodels.com/
BOOK ANY FLEET MODEL EMAIL INFO@FLEETDJS.COCHECK OUT TRISTA T WEB SITE WWW.ONLYTRISTAT.COFOLLOW THE FLEET MODELS ON TWITTER @FLEETMODELCHECK OUT FIRST CLASSE WEBSITE http://msfirstclasse.coFeatured ModeOn December 13, 1984 A STAR was born in Hackensack NJ and the purpose of her existence was established and confirmedSHE IS A MODEL! Trista, never intended on becoming a model, however once that one picture was taken and the story was told she has not stopped being the narrator of photographyTrista T, has taken the industry of modeling by nothing less then a STORM. Her body of work consist of an array of complete top noch contacts e.g. photographers, modeling coaches, catalogs, events, and runway shows. Tristas, experiences speak volumes to the polished abilities she contributes to the industry

http://www.guitarcenter.com/flash-deals-g27027t0.gc?icid=401253&cjaid=11552259&cjpid=5563403
OCDP 14x7" Hybrid Maple/Steel Snare Drum in Piano BlacThis Hybrid Maple Steel Snare Drum from Orange County Drums and percussion provides a rounded tone featuring both the low-end of maple and crack of steel. The maple/steel hybrid shell is crowned with a side throw-off and low-mass, single point-of-contact tube lugsCash Payout Limitations: Payouts are given in cash up to $500. Payouts more than $500 will be provided by check. Cash payouts not available at New Orleans, Shreveport, Greensboro, Lafayette and Baton Rouge locationsEvent Rules: Guitar Center may not make an offer on some items after inspection. See a Guitar Center Sales Associate for gear inspection and trade in offer.Private transactions are permitted only on a trade basis. Expo sales and purchases may be with Guitar Center only and purchase/sale of gear between customers is prohibited. Private trades are permitted outside the store only. Guitar Center assumes no responsibility for private trades. Absolutely no dealers

http://go.redirectingat.com?id=40943x1237722&xs=1&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.amazon.com%2fdp%2fb00bckmxra%2f
Book DescriptioA womans voyage of self discovery begins on the internet leading all the way to Brazil and onto the Andean highlands of PeruSummary:- Devastated from her relationship break- up, Kate Canavan is at a loss until she re-discovers a hidden painting of the triple Goddess from Greek mythology. Her interest in mythology and spirituality is re-ignited. A voyage of self discovery begins with internet dating using the names of each of the Goddesses in the triple myth. When a health scare intervenes Kate and her friends go together to visit a famous healer in Brazil and a spiritual guru in Peru, where all three friends begin spiritual journeys of forgiveness, gratitude and learning to live in the now. But will Kate find loveFerdia Mac Anna (author of cult book to movie Last of the high Kings) says:"Funny, informative heart-warming and wildly entertaining. This novel takes the reader on an exhilarating roller-coaster ride though modern romance, internet dating, Peruvian Gurus, wannabes, has-beens and lotharios and brings them home safe and almost sound. This book rocks!A womans voyage of self discovery begins on the internet leading all the way to Brazil and onto the Andean highlands of PeruSummary:- Devastated from her relationship break- up, Kate Canavan is at a loss until she re-discovers a hidden painting of the triple Goddess from Greek mythology. Her interest in mythology and spirituality is re-ignited. A voyage of self discovery begins with internet dating using the names of each of the Goddesses in the triple myth. When a health scare intervenes Kate and her friends go together to visit a famous healer in Brazil and a spiritual guru in Peru, where all three friends begin spiritual journeys of forgiveness, gratitude and learning to live in the now. But will Kate find loveFerdia Mac Anna (author of cult book to movie Last of the high Kings) says:"Funny, informative heart-warming and wildly entertaining. This novel takes the reader on an exhilarating roller-coaster ride though modern romance, internet dating, Peruvian Gurus, wannabes, has-beens and lotharios and brings them home safe and almost sound. This book rocks!Editorial ReviewRevie' Funny, informative heart-warming and wildly entertaining . This book rocks!' Ferdia Mac Anna (author of cult novel to movie 'Last of the High Kings'Similar to Eat, Pray, Love. 5* It's similar to Eat, Pray, Love yet vastly different in point of view with the focus on the protagonist's self discovery and the exploration of energy medicine in South America. It's a must read for anyone needing to rediscover their joie de vivre or simply get empowered after a relationship break down. Roger MeadBetter than a visit home! 5 * As a long-time visitor to Ireland over the past 30-plus years, and having spent lots of time both in Dublin as well as in Galway ~ I loved this story for reminding me of why I so resonate to traveling all of this small island nation. It also made me feel very connected to so many places and customs there... yet there were new insights as well; learning to see the influence of traces of ancient, pre-Christian goddess religions. Theadora Davitt-Cornyn, Oxnard, CFrom the AuthoWhen I sat down to write this book, I first considered doing a memoir covering a period in my life when dramatic events were an almost daily occurrence. Some were traumatic while others were inspirational, bringing healing along with renewed joy, hope and laughter. And so I wished to share some of the wisdom and systems of healing which helped me through a difficult time in my life - they are woven through the fabric of this story. Ultimately I decided to respect the privacy of loved ones and acquaintances I met in Ireland and South America. Instead I chose to write a work of fiction with as much authenticity and humour as possible. The Goddess theme is central to the story as Kate uses the names of each of the Goddesses in the myth of Persephone, Demeter and Hekate at various times on different internet dating sites. As she identifies with each Goddess, she attracts different men into her life who mirror some aspect of herself. Her voyage of self discovery and healing take her from Galway in the west of Ireland to an Ashram in rural Brazil and on to the Andean highlands of PeruKate is devastated when her husband of over 20 years tells her he wants a divorce. Her entire world is upended and she has no idea what she is going to do nowWhile packing, she comes across her painting of the Goddesses, and is reminded of her one time curiosity about spiritualismKate and her friends go together to visit a healer in Brazil and a spiritual guru in Peru, where all three friends begin spiritual journeys of thankfulness and learning to live in the nowI have read a number of books on spiritualism and the mythological archetype. To me, 'Love and The Goddess' by Mary Elisabeth Coen is by far the gentlest. As Kate learns about Goddess, she also struggles with her Christian faith, and Ms Coen is able to weave a believable blend of the two for her characterMary Elizabeth Coen delivers a great read with Love And The Goddess. A timeless story of new beginnings, after heartache and betrayal. After years of marriage, Kate Canavan gets hit with a bombshell. Her husband wants a divorce, add to this the fact that her daughter will be leaving home and you have a recipe for pain, loneliness and disbeliefIt is one thing to be jilted, but quite another to be tossed aside for someone half your age. Kate, like many women put her own desires and self on the back burner in order to please her husband. This makes the betrayal all the more devastatingWhat you will love about Ms. Cohen character is her resilient attitude about her situation. You also come to love her best friend Ella, a down to earth woman who encourages Kate to get out there and start to experience a new life. Kate it is introduced to Internet dating and the farces begin. You will into a world that is totally relatable and sometimes disturbing. You will enjoy the humor that balances out the sadness and be inspired as Kate maters and come to grips her newfound freedom. Enjoyable reading, likable characters and inspiration. This is a book that will leave you feeling like anything is possibleSometimes they say there are such things as in serendipity in the world. You could say that happened to me when I found this book in my hands as a wonderful treat for me to read. I am an avid reader and read many books. So how do I rate books? I give my reviews based on what kind of experience I had while I was reading. I rate a book on how long it took me to reach the last page. And, what feeling moves through me as I read the final sentence? If I feel like a fabulous friendship has just ended, then I usually sulk about it for days to my husband. When I read books that go this distance for me, I become inspired. Why? I read a lot and that doesn't happen every time. But it did when I read the final sentence in Love & the GoddessWell. Well! Well!! I don't want to compare this book to any other because it really doesn't deserve comparison. This is like one of those books you read and now you are glued to that author for life. You know, waiting for the next book to come out because there is that type of connection you felt with the book when you read itKate is the main character. Kate is ditched by her husband of many years and her perfect life has just fallen out from under her. Her only child that is now off to college, is also heartbroken by Trevor's sudden decision to break up their perfect unit. However, just like in life, when something falls apart some new wonderful things can happenKate's best friend, Ella, is spirited and lively. She offers that sidekick companion for Kate that introduces her to a world of dating via Match.com type sites. She also has a friend named James that balances out the equation. I sometimes found these two side characters just as enjoyable as following Kate on her personal journey on self discovery and learning on how to start overThere is a fun trip to Brazil and Peru that had exquisite images that register with those that love the ZEN, MEDITATIVE quest. The part of the book felt like a spiritual quest for inner peace, which Kate does not necessarily find right away. The trip isn't perfect, but what she finds more or less is herself emerging as strong and confident womanUpon arrival in Dublin, there are family issues to be met when her father is in the hospital. When will Kate have her moment of fun and atonement? What does happen during this period is Kate finds some unanswered questions finally answered regarding her memories with her father. She discovers a family secret that she never knew. By learning this information she is drawn closer to her father again. I feel as if I am giving away too much here. I don't want to spoil the story. I will just say that when Kate makes it back to Ireland so many choices will need to be made when there are so many new forks in the road. And the on-line dating under the three Goddess names?? (I failed to mention that) How does that work outThat what makes this story so much fun to read. Following Kate on her own personal discovery of who she is as a woman is also linked together with mad-cap adventures that are down right hilarious and fun. I found myself laughing and wincing along with Kate when some of these characters she met for a coffee appeared to be more like a shady character from Stephen King book. (You know, at first glance they look like they are nice and normal, but watch out! There could be a Dracula, A Carrie with telepathic powers or an alcoholic with an ax. Kate's dating escapades didn't turn up any serial killers, but sometimes you were wondering as you turned the page...of course in a fun, mild way I am speaking, not a gruesome and scary kind of way. This is after all, a fiction book that reads like a perfect movie script with beautiful scenic settings. If you could make a comparison on books. You might say Eat Pray Love crossed with Shopaholic series by Sophie Kinsella. Coming from me, that's huge compliment. I love Elizabeth Gilbert and Sophie K books. I think that Mary Elizabeth Coen book belongs right up there on the shelf with them..and in the theaters, too.You could say that sometimes a book finds us. That sometimes one will find you by a twist of fate that you didn't know was just around the corner. You pick it up. You read it. And your life shifts slightly for the better. You find yourself smiling. You find yourself welling up with tears when certain marvelous moments finally do come together for the character you fall in love with in that particular book you are readingYes! This happened to me with LOVE and the GODDESS. I found myself waiting for moments to read it whenever I could. I wanted to read it faster than I did. But Mother's Day weekend full of events pushed me with the final read in one sitting on a perfect, sunny moment in Cardiff by the Sea in California. The breeze was just right. My coffee tasted perfect even when I ran out of my half and half. And there was just me meeting Kate back at the end of her journey in this lovely story that conquers the most important theme of allAre you on the right road in your personal quest for happinessI look forward to reading Mary E. Coen's next book. I am sure it will deliver with a punch just like this one. A must read, especially for women that love to read about love, dating and looking within to find a deeper meaning than just a tube of red lipstickIt is a wonderful story that gives you strength and courage to start your life again when you have lost all your hopes in life and don't know what to do next. The author pulls off a remarkable story combining a blend of emotions, spiritualism and humor while inspiring the reader to face the challenges of life with hope and beliefThe story is all about the Kate Canavan, who faces a devastating divorce with her husband after 20 years of her marriage. Her daughter also leaves the home. It is a devastating shock for her as she has sacrificed almost half of her age to taking care of her family. With feelings of disbelief, loneliness and bewilderment, she does not know what will happen to her nextDuring a spiritual journey of self-discovery, she meets her close friend, Ella who encourages her to meet a spiritual guru inPeru. Kate enlightens her life with a sense of spiritualism. She gets introduced to new experiences of life with Internet dating and learns to live happily. She maintains a fine balance between her Christian faith and a spirit of GoddessIt is really a fantastic read, and serves as an inspirational guide to others. I would highly recommend it to people looking for a more positive approach to their livesWonderful. This book really is great! It's so difficult to come across anything new and really good in this genre. It's a book that should be read by anyone needing to rediscover their raison d'tre or simply getting empowered after a relationship breakdown. Considering the emotions the author must have gone through, this is an incredibly brave book to write - it is a healing book and presses all the right buttons for meDespite its emotional content, this is an easy read with humor tinged with elements of sadness. I laughed, cried and pondered while enjoying this beautiful story. After the hardships of marital betrayal, there is fun in the form of internet dating, and joy in her new friendships. The characters are very well developed and the plot develops very nicely, but truly the best thing about this book is the new life and freedom the author discoversI can imagine that this book also serves as a insightful self help book with the reader learning several lessons along the way to self empowerment. It serves as a fine example to surviving major difficulties we might all be facing now or in the futureThere is a sense of wonder inside this little treasure of a book, which stays with you long after you finish the final page. Not a novel to be missedMore About the AuthoMary Elizabeth Coen is a former teacher, lifestyle journalist and public relations consultant. After receiving a diagnosis of fibromyalgia, Mary became interested in holistic medicine. As an avid researcher, she travelled to Mayan sites in Mexico, visited a famous healer's ashram in Brazil and undertook a shamanic journey through Peru'Love & the Goddess' is Mary Elizabeth Coen's first work of fiction: - It is based on the author's travels and draws on her extensive studies into various spiritual traditions, lightened by the humorous aspect of internet datingMary is now in robust good health, working as a full-time author, coach and stress management lecturer, while also running a website called Goddess MECA. It is a celebration of the goddess in all women. Interactive with her book, it is a celebration of the goddess in all women with separate sections on mythology, lifestyle, cookery and blogsMary lives in south Galway with her daughter, cat and number of pheasants who drop by for social occasions

http://www.firstbillminesn.cu.cc/rss/http://www.firstbillminesn.cu.cc/page-32583/867606
Get a FREE domain with FREE DNS serviceRegister up to 100 domains for FREE. No Donations. No SurveysWhat is CU.CC We are a free domain name registration service. You can register up to 100 domain names for free or purchase a domain name VIP account and get up to 1000 domain names. Use the search box above to find a domain name available at our free domain name registrationYou can register all available domain names instantly. We offer the best free domain registration with dynamic dns service just like .com and any other TLD. We provide in addition to our domain names a free DNS service with full MX, CNAME, A and SOA records. Most good domain names are already registered, so why pay for a long and hard to remember domain when you can register your nice cu.cc name

http://www.fandango.com/dawnoftheplanetoftheapes_156265/movieoverview?wssaffid=11838&wssac=123&cjid=cj_10576763_7644471_
Arizona RepubliFan ReviewBest Film in the Ape Franchise! 10/1By chrisdalton9"The Dawn" delivers. The is one of the best films I've seen in a long time. The interaction of the apes was borderline genius. Caesar stole and dominated the film with his empathy towards the humans..Going apeBy arreagafantastic movie!..Lowell HillockBy hillocks6An excellent movie that examines the relationship between humans and apes. Are they that much different than us? Go see it, and find out!..Great SequeBy JoelBest movie of summer. Thought it was as good as Rise of the planet of Apes. This is coming from someone that hated the original with the fake looking apes. This movie is AWESOME!!!..PhotoGet Updates On All Things MoviesTHANKS FOR SIGNING UPSend Me FanTexTHANKS FOR SIGNING UPBy entering your mobile number and clicking "SIGN ME UP!", you consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and authorize Fandango and its service providers to deliver FanTexts and other promotional texts to your mobile phone using automated technology. Text marketing authorization is not required for any purchase from Fandango. Message and data rates may apply. We will not send more than 5 msgs/month. You can unsubscribe at any time by texting "STOP" or seek help by texting "HELP" to "FNDGO" (36346)

http://www.tininews.com
The presidential election of Saturday, March 28, in which General Muhammadu Buhari of the APC won, is, to say the least, a game-changing happenstance. Apart from a change of baton ... Continue ReadinThis tragic incident took place in South Africa, where a lady uses Master Key to rob her neighbours when they are not at home. The victims have always complained of missing items in ... Continue ReadinIn addition to the deployment of six Deputy Inspector-General of Police to coordinate Police activities in the six geo-political zones, the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Suleiman ... Continue ReadinThe death has been announced of Sheikh Baosari Suara Haruna III, the Chief Imam of Ibadan land. Alhaji Ishaq Sanni, Chairman, Muslim Community of Oyo State confirmed the death of ... Continue Readin

http://go.redirectingat.com?id=40943x1237722&xs=1&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.amazon.com%2fdp%2fb008aefn8m%2f
Book DescriptioREALM OF ASHENCLAW SAGA, BOOK 1 (Beginnings SeriesWothlondia Rising: The Anthology is an assortment of compelling tales that unleash the Beginnings series in my new and exciting Realm of Ashenclaw setting. The significant events that take place in 'Wothlondia Rising' set these unique and powerful characters on paths that will alter their lives forever! If you enjoy tales that involve, romance, mystery, zombies, demons, the paranormal, and plain old action-packed fantasy, then you will absolutely enjoy this collection of stories, including..A Rose in Bloom recounts the thrilling events of a young Rose Thorne, not yet a woman, who is trying to find her way in the city of Oakhaven. Orphaned and discarded, she finds refuge in a kind madam at a local brothel and eventually meets a man who is more than she bargains for...Maturation Process is the telling tale of the high elf, Elec Stormwhisper, who lives in the overbearing shadow of his father, Keryth. Treated as an outcast and feeling alienated from his own people, he exiles himself for a decade, finding a friend in a strange place and begins to accept his own unique destiny. Will this young and inexperienced elf ever find his true callingTears of Blood is the amazing recount of the attacks on the region of Stonehill by the ancient and malevolent undead that are known as Blood Rot Zombies! Saeunn and the barbarians of both Chansuk and Greymoors must find a way to stop the undead infestation before they spread their miasma all across the face of Wothlondia! It is a tale that will forever change the young barbarian woman in more ways than one..Strength of Faith is a tale that places a young acolyte of The Shimmering One, Garius Forge, on a path that tests his spirituality and also places him face to face with a demonic presence that has the power to alter the face of Wothlondia forever! Will his reverence and devotion to his deity be enough to overcome this horrible demonReflections is an exploration into the true classifications of self-image. This short and sweet tale tells of the half-ogre barbarian, Orngoth, who begins to realize the true picture of what he is and where he comes from. During a raid with his ogre barbarian kin--the Ironskulls--Orngoth has an impromptu meeting that could forever change his own destiny. Will he see his true self in time or will he continue down the path of reckless endangermentDistant Familiarity is the tale of three legendary figures in the history of Wothlondia, who are attempting to recover an ancient evil that was stolen away from them. Tiyarnon the High Priest, Rolin Hardbeard and Nimaira Silvershade set out to recover the artifact that has forever altered their former companion Sadreth, twisting him into something altogether evil. Can these ancient heroes find and recover the item before it is reunited with its former hostWothlondia Rising: The Anthology is an assortment of compelling tales that unleash the Beginnings series in my new and exciting Realm of Ashenclaw setting. The significant events that take place in 'Wothlondia Rising' set these unique and powerful characters on paths that will alter their lives forever! If you enjoy tales that involve, romance, mystery, zombies, demons, the paranormal, and plain old action-packed fantasy, then you will absolutely enjoy this collection of stories, including..A Rose in Bloom recounts the thrilling events of a young Rose Thorne, not yet a woman, who is trying to find her way in the city of Oakhaven. Orphaned and discarded, she finds refuge in a kind madam at a local brothel and eventually meets a man who is more than she bargains for...Maturation Process is the telling tale of the high elf, Elec Stormwhisper, who lives in the overbearing shadow of his father, Keryth. Treated as an outcast and feeling alienated from his own people, he exiles himself for a decade, finding a friend in a strange place and begins to accept his own unique destiny. Will this young and inexperienced elf ever find his true callingTears of Blood is the amazing recount of the attacks on the region of Stonehill by the ancient and malevolent undead that are known as Blood Rot Zombies! Saeunn and the barbarians of both Chansuk and Greymoors must find a way to stop the undead infestation before they spread their miasma all across the face of Wothlondia! It is a tale that will forever change the young barbarian woman in more ways than one..Strength of Faith is a tale that places a young acolyte of The Shimmering One, Garius Forge, on a path that tests his spirituality and also places him face to face with a demonic presence that has the power to alter the face of Wothlondia forever! Will his reverence and devotion to his deity be enough to overcome this horrible demonReflections is an exploration into the true classifications of self-image. This short and sweet tale tells of the half-ogre barbarian, Orngoth, who begins to realize the true picture of what he is and where he comes from. During a raid with his ogre barbarian kin--the Ironskulls--Orngoth has an impromptu meeting that could forever change his own destiny. Will he see his true self in time or will he continue down the path of reckless endangermentDistant Familiarity is the tale of three legendary figures in the history of Wothlondia, who are attempting to recover an ancient evil that was stolen away from them. Tiyarnon the High Priest, Rolin Hardbeard and Nimaira Silvershade set out to recover the artifact that has forever altered their former companion Sadreth, twisting him into something altogether evil. Can these ancient heroes find and recover the item before it is reunited with its former hostGary Vanucci has created an impressive world in his Wothlondia Rising short stories which I enjoyed reading and will be re-reading several times over. If you like reading J.R.R Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, or other fantasy authors, you will enjoy reading Gary's Wothlondia books. The writing style and everything was top-notched and I would rate it at ten stars if I couldThe absolutely facinating and original plot of this series of connected short stories written by the brilliant Gary Vanucci is magnificent and adicting in its scope"Distant Familiarity is the tale of three legendary figures in the history of Wothlondia, who are attempting to recover an ancient evil that was stolen away from them. Tiyarnon the High Priest, Rolin Hardbeard and Nimaira Silvershade set out to recover the artifact that has forever altered their former companion Sadreth, turning him into an unclean lich! Can these ancient heroes find and recover the item before it is reunited with its former host?I found myself immediately (and happily) plunged into a complex and remarkable world, peopled by characters so well drawn and locations expertly painted by words. Wothlondia Rising 1: Distant Familiarity is so very unique is so many ways - all of them laudible. As we accompany Tiyarnon the High Priest, Rolin Hardbeard and Nimaira Silvershade on their harrowing adventures, the reader feels as if he/she is truly a part of their quest- a rare feat only able to be accomplished by a truly fine writer. Gary Vanucci is a truly fine writer, indeedA JAMES MASON COMMUNITY BOOK CLUB MUST REARICK FRIEDMAN FOUNDER THE JAMES MASON COMMUNITY BOOK CLUA ROSE IN BLOOCertainly high hopes - as I have read Gary's other work and he is a magnificent writer!!! MY HOPES HAVE BEEN EXCEEDED!"A Rose in Bloom recounts the thrilling events of a young Rose Thorne, not yet a woman, who is trying to find her way in the city of Oakhaven. Orphaned and discarded, she finds refuge in a kind madam at a local brothel and eventually meets a man who is more than she bargains for..Wothlondia Rising is a series of short stories set in the original fantasy setting entitled the Realm of Ashenclaw. This series of short stories details life altering, significant events from the past that shape the course of these important heroes, setting them on the path that will alter their lives forever!Gary Vannucci has delivered another magnificent portrait of a lead character in his Realm of Ashenclaw. In this case we not only meet, but get to truly understand Rose Thorne. Gary F. Vanucci has a wonderful sense of character, and his ability to show the transformation of Rose from a young, confused and frightend girl to a complex and self-actualized woman makes for a very worthwhile read. The read feels a true connection to Rose, her trevails, her triumphs, and most poignently, her internal growth in self-worthMr. Vanucci has packed quite a bit of characters and plots into this story- yet they all weave together perfectly, none seeming extranious, on the contrary- each paragraph seems perfectly rendered as a piece of the whole..and the "whole" is VERY good indeedMr. Vanucci has an amazing ability to flesh out an impressive short story well worth another 5 star review. Even being limited by it's length, the author has managed to create wonderful characters and describe the world in which they live deliciously. I for one would love to see a full length novel depicting these characters, as I find them each uniquely intriguing, and their interactions superb"Wothlondia Rising: The Anthology (Beginnings)" is a comprehensive set of stories of the development of the major characters who populate the book, "Covenant of the Faceless Knights". As well as being an exciting, fast-paced, fully-detailed introduction to that book, it is a thrilling, magical, fantasy / adventure novel on its ownIt is replete with richly developed characters and how they came to be the way they are. The plots and subplots, including enjoyable descriptions of strange places and mythical-type creatures, demons and summoners of magical powers, truly enhance the enjoyment of being "side-by-side" with the charactersThe delightful back-stories make you feel as if you personally know each character, enriching your reading experienceThe language beautifies the novel in very surprising ways. You're transported into a wonderful world of imaginary characters such as gnomes, demons, orcs, dwarves and spell-casters, to name a fewI highly recommend reading this anthology before you read "Covenant of the Faceless Knights"The details of the characters, their thoughts, where they live and where they travel to and from truly enrich the enjoyment of this novelDnD enthusiasts should find this book very appealingI loved every word of this anthology and am looking forward to reading "Covenant of the Faceless Knights"From my first introduction to Ashenclaw, I was immediately drawn in! The author gives you just enough of the characters to appreciate and understand the current plot while shrouding them in enough mystery to wonder what else is to come! I literally could not put this down until I was at the final pageThe characters and world are extraordinarily rich. I easily pictured myself as an observer within Vanucci's vivid world rather than being a casual readerI can tell there are going to be great things to come from this authorWothlondia Rising: Distant Familiarity is an excellent first look into a new world created by author Gary Vanucci. Right off the bat the characters draw you in with their distinct and vastly different personalities. By following these characters up to the point where Gary Vanucci's first full novel, Covenant of the Faceless Knights, begins, you already feel invested in the characters and their futureThe story itself does a nice job of mixing in character development, a glimpse at this wide new world that Gary Vanucci has created, and also hints at both the world's past as well as the pasts of these aged adventurers. I am excited to began Covenant of the Faceless Knights in order to get a deeper look at the past of these interesting characters as well as what the future holds for them. If Covenant of the Faceless Knights is in any way as engaging as Wothlondia Rising: Distant Familiarity, then I know I will not only highly enjoy it, I will be rushing to read the other short stories written by Gary Vanucci in order to delve deeper into this worldMore About the AuthoReviews from my peers: "If the Walking Dead were made by HBO for an all adult audience, this would be it." - Jeremy Laszlo, Bestselling Author of the Blood & Brotherhood Saga "I can quite honestly say that I loved every page of this novel. From start to finish it's pure fun- big, brash, in your face heroic fantasy." - Ross Kitson, Author of Darkness Rising "It wasn't quite what I was expecting....it was so much more." - Neil Orr, Author of Shad'rah (Kiyor'lin) "For lovers of the sword & sorcery genre of fantasy novels, Vanucci will satisfy your every craving." - Charles Ra

http://www.jblpro.com/www/products/installed-sound/aw-awc-all-weather#.vk2j4ks7uds
The JBL ALL WEATHER Series is a family of high power, lightweight, 2-way, full-range loudspeaker systems, built for a wide variety of all-weather applicationsThe AWC All Weather Compact models incorporate co-axial drivers for high output, consistent pattern control, extraordinary clarity with speech, and extended frequency response for music, all from very compact enclosures. These models include minimally audible overload protection, 200 Watt transformers for 70V or 100V distributed systems, and can also be operated 8 ohm directThe AW full-size models are comprised of the JBL Differential Driver dual voice coils and dual magnetic gap low frequency 12 and 15 woofers and the 2432H high-frequency 38mm (1.5 in) exit, 75 mm (3 in) voice-coil compression driver. The large format Progressive Transition wave-guides provide excellent high-frequency coverage patterns. Waveguides are rotatable so the loudspeaker system can be used in either vertical or horizontal orientation. Enclosures are constructed of multilayer glass composite and are heavily braced to maximize low-frequency performance. A 14-gauge stainless steel grille, backed with open cell foam and stainless steel mesh, provides excellent protection in the harshest environments. The systems are equipped with a 400W 70/100V transformer. A heavy-duty stainless steel U-type mounting bracket is included and allows for easy installation on flat surfaces or in 90 cornersThe ALL WEATHER Series is part of JBLs AE Series, a versatile family of loudspeakers intended for a wide variety of applications

http://www.technologyreview.com/news/534631/a-startups-neural-network-can-understand-video/
A Startups Neural Network Can Understand VideWhy It MatterEnabling computers to understand video content could unlock a vast new store of informationClarifais video processing software can identify objects and scenes in video and provides a timeline so you can jump to the place a certain element appearsIn recent years, researchers at companies including Google and Facebook have made impressive breakthroughs in training software to understand whats going on in images, thanks to a technique known as deep learning. Now a startup called Clarifai is offering a service that uses deep learning to understand videoThe company says its software can rapidly analyze video clips to recognize 10,000 different objects or types of scene. In a demo given last week at a conference on deep learning , Clarifais cofounder and CEO Matthew Zeiler uploaded a clip that included footage of a varied alpine landscape. The software created a timeline with graph lines summarizing when different objects or types of scene were detected. It showed exactly when snow and mountains occurred individually and together. The software can analyze video faster than a human could watch it; in the demonstration, the 3.5 minute clip was processed in just 10 secondsClarifai is offering the technology as a service and expects it to be used for things like matching ads to content in online videos or developing new ways to organize video collections and edit footageDeep learning involves processing data through a network of simple simulated neurons that have been trained using example data. Clarifais technology originated in research at New York University, and in 2013 the company took the top five spots at the leading annual contest for software that identifies the content of imagesMost research in the field has so far focused on still images, not video. Clarifai launched a still-image recognition service last year. Another startup that uses deep learning, Dextro , launched its own video-processing service at the end of DecemberAnyone can put Clarifais new video system to the test. On its website, you can upload a video clip of up to 10 megabytes in size for analysis. The different objects or types of scene detected might include cars, trees, or people. The software can also apply more abstract descriptive concepts, such as fun or togethernessZeiler believes his technology could lead to a new approach to serving up advertising alongside videos online. The software can identify where in the video is the optimum place for an ad to be placed, he saidCompanies can already pay to position their ads next to videos of a particular type or ones on a particular subject. Zeiler believes that being able to automatically match ads with particular moments in videos should be even more attractive to advertisers. Clarifais technology could make it possible, for example, for Starbucks to make its ads appear anytime coffee was being consumed in footageZeiler says he is already working with companies interested in making use of the video analysis technology. The company is also working on having the software do more. Two features under development will let the software automatically summarize what happens in a video and recognize when a particular activity has taken place, Zeiler says12 SidenoteWhat's a sidenote We're experimenting with new ways for you to comment and discuss stories that you readYou can now read and write comments directly on sentences, paragraphs, images and quotesHighlight text and click the icon or click the icon at the end of each paragraph

http://news.yandex.ru/yandsearch?cl4url=www.rg.ru/2015/02/04/metro-anons.html&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitterfeed
MOUNT PLEASANT, N.Y. (Reuters) - Seven people were killed and a dozen injured when a crowded New York commuter train struck a car stalled on the tracks near suburban White Plains during the rush hour oVALHALLA, N.Y.  At least 12 people were injured Tuesday after a Metro-North commuter train struck a car just north of the train station. The crash, which occurred about 6:35 p.m. near the Commerce StreeSeven people were killed when a Metro-North train packed with commuters from New York City hit a car on the railroad tracks in Westchester at the height of evening rush hour, sparking a fiery crash that's..

http://tinyurl.com
Welcome to TinyURLAre you sick of posting URLs in emails only to have it break when sent causing the recipient to have to cut and paste it back together? Then you've come to the right place. By entering in a URL in the text field below, we will create a tiny URL that will not break in email postings and never expires Enter a long URL to make tiny: Custom alias (optional): http://tinyurl.com/ May contain letters, numbers, and dashesAdd TinyURL to your browser's toolbaOnce this is on your toolbar, you'll be able to make a TinyURL at the click of a button. By clicking on the toolbar button, a TinyURL will be created for the page you are currently atThis is compatible with most web browsers and platforms as long as your bookmarks or favorites allow javascript. The links toolbar may not be visible in all setups and in most browsers, you can enable it in the View->Toolbars menu of your web browser. You can also put it in your bookmarks instead of the links toolbarCan't drag and drop? For some users, such as some recent IE 6 installations, the clicking and dragging of links that contain javascript is no longer supported. To add this to your IE links toolbar, click the link with your right mouse button and select "Add to Favorites..." from the menu. Click OK if a security warning alert pops-up (this shows up since the link contains javscript). If a list of folders is not shown, click the "Createin>>>" button (see image at right). Now select the folder called "Links" and then click OK. You should now see the TinyURL on your links toolbar, if not, see the last paragraph aboveRedirection to any page in your siteWith TinyURL, you can also make a smaller URL that will work for any page on your site. Let's say that you have a website with the homepage that is atEntering that URL into TinyURL will create a URL likWith this you can then redirect someone to anywhere within your site by appending a slash and the pages filename to it. So if you have a page at http://www.my-internet-isp.com/~myusername/my-links-page.html, you can use the URL http://tinyurl.com/3/my-links-page.html and going to this URL will forward the visitor to the page in your websiteHide your affiliate URLAre you posting something that you don't want people to know what the URL is because it might give away that it's an affiliate link? Then you can enter a URL into TinyURL, and your affiliate link will be hidden from the visitor, only the tinyurl.com address and the ending address will be visible to your visitorsLink to usPlease link to us! Just make a link to http://tinyurl.com or use the following code to make a URL input boxTerms of useTinyURL was created as a free service to make posting long URLs easier, and may only be used for actual URLs. Using it for spamming or illegal purposes is forbidden and any such use will result in the TinyURL being disabled and you may be reported to all ISPs involved and to the proper governmental agencies. This service is provided without warranty of any kind

http://www.publyfree.com
REST. Khan El Mir Publish Date: 2015-04-16 - TRAVEL & TOURISM - Restaurants An old Khan of the 18th century that was renovated and transformed into a restaurant with a central patio planted with Jasmine. Located in the Heart of Zouk Mikael, with extraordinary surroundings, and a wonderful old souk that offers the best of Lebanese... View more informatioLand for sale - Starting Price: 2,650,000.00 USD Publish Date: 2015-04-07 - REAL ESTATE - Lands For Sale -30/90 % zone, very nice piece of land with a super view facing the jounieh coast where u can see amchit and more from it .... View more informatio

http://news.yandex.ru/yandsearch?cl4url=www.vedomosti.ru/politics/news/39008201/obse-prizyvaet-k-trehdnevnomu-peremiriyu-v-rajone-debalcevo&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter
The spiral of ever increasing violence in Eastern Ukraine needs to stop. The fighting provoked by the continued separatist offensive, notably around Debaltseve, is causing great human suffering and undermines all efforts aimed at a political solution. The shelling of civilians, wherever it happens

http://target.georiot.com/badlink.html?badlink=http://redirect.booklinker.net:51001/proxy.ashx?tsid=5764
Want to find your product manuallyGo directly to one of these sites and search for the productAre you the publisherMost links fail due to a misspelling in a parameter name or extra characters added to the end of the URL. If everything looks good to you and the link still is not working try clearing your cache or using a different browser or device. Try testing the link one last time and if all else fails then contact us 

http://www.my-family-ties.com/2014/12/win-scholl-luxury-pedicure-set-my.html?showcomment=1419982328652#c3399537062252248798
PageWednesday, 24 December 201Win Scholl Luxury Pedicure Set - My Family TieWin A Scholl Luxury Pedicure Se#CompetitioThe Scholl Velvet Smooth Luxury Pedicure SeFrom Scholl comes this perfect pedicure package to get your feet looking great with a luxury pedicure. You can win this pedicure kit from Scholl, all you need to is enter via the Gleam app at the end of this post formultiplechances to winThe luxury set is neatly packaged up inside a premium pearlescentSchollVelvet Smooth Beauty Bagwhich contains all your foot care essentials to get your feet looking fantasticThe Scholl Luxury Pedicure Set IncludesScholl Velvet Smooth Microfibre TowelPlace the towel down before you start your pedicure ready to dry your feet when you have finished, it is also an ideal way to collect any debris from your pedicureScholl Velvet Smooth Express Pedi Electronic Foot FileAn electrical hard skin removal device that gives soft, beautiful feet in an instant by effortlessly buffing away hard skin in minutes. The ergonomically shaped soft-touch handle is comfortable to hold, while the specially designed Micralumina head efficiently rotates to file away hard skinScholl Velvet Instense SerumDesigned to provide intense hydration for feet, the serum contains hyaluronic acid which penetrates into the skin. Hyaluronic acid has an ability to hold and retain water, helping to improve the density and structure of the skin, making it wonderfully elastic. The serum also contains Pentavitin which acts like a moisture magnet creating a durable bond with the body's own keratin in the uppermost layer of skin, so that water molecules stored in the skin remain there. Massage into dry skin and see instant resultsScholl Velvet Smooth Glass Nail FilRemove rough edges and file your nails for a beautiful finish , gentle on your nails this file gives you a professional and smooth finishScholl Velvet Smooth Cuticle StickTo shape the base of your nail gently use the cuticle sticks to push back your cuticlesScholl Velvet Smooth Toe SeparatorOnce you have your feet looking smooth and ready, next step is to paint your nails, you can use the Scholl toeseparators to help you get a perfect finishTo enter for your chance to win this Scholl Luxury Pedicure Set please use the Gleam app belowThe winner will be drawn on 07/02/2015 at 11.59 PMThank you for looking, and good luck. Come back soon for more great competitionsGood LuckThank you for reading, I hope you have enjoyed reading about this Scholl Luxury Pedicure SetCompetition . If you like what you read, subscribe to my blog by adding your e-mail address to the box on the right. You will be the first to hear of my updates

http://www.vegasmaster.com/giveaway/january-2015-ipad-mini/
Win a free iPad mini with VegasMasteJoin now the first VegasMaster giveaway to win a free iPad mini and share this exceptional chance with your friends. You will be eligible to this and to other great prizes: an authentic 100 casino deposit at any SkillOnNet online casino and a lovely casino set to play your favorite games at homeAll you need to do in order to join this VegasMaster giveaway and gain entries to our random drawing is to fulfill any of the following simple stepsYou can choose if performing only one or more of these steps and yet each one of them is so simple! You can join and participate anytime between January 12 and February 11, 2015 included. Of course, it is much better to complete your registration now, so that you do not miss this chance to win a free iPad or one of the other prizes. Take a step forward to get closer to your new iPad mini and register today with VegasMasterNo purchase necessary. All images used are for illustrative purposes only. For full information and official rules, please click on the Terms and Conditions aboveRecent CommentSmorturtmare { Didn't have such a great time playing this slot, but it's worth a try. } - Apr 2, 05:2Hoon1972 { I'm not impressed with this casino's bonus offerings. Once you're not a new player anymore they don't offer you many  } - Mar 25, 05:2Muright { I'm a huge fan of Playtech games! I think that giving them a 7 is a bit too low. } - Feb 24, 19:4Who are weVegasMaster is your portal for all of the information you need regarding online casinos and online gambling. Our staff includes some of the industrys most experienced players making this one of the best and most reliable sources of information in the world of the online casinoThis site and its Vegas Masters are not affiliated with or bound to any other name or brand. VegasMaster is the name of independence meaning that the content you find here is unbiased, reliable and honestVegasMaster is run by players for players. Our casino reviews are honest, detailed and critical. We also run friendly casino forums with members from all over the world, so why not drop in now and say hi

http://www.my-internet-isp.com/~myusernam


